both seasons are available for download from apple 's itunes store .
in klayman ii , the plaintiffs sued the same government defendants and in addition , facebook , yahoo! , google , microsoft , youtube , aol , paltalk , skype , sprint , at&t , apple again alleging the bulk metadata collection violates the first , fourth and fifth amendment and constitutes divulgence of communication records in violation of section 2702 of stored communications act .
description alongside dried pears the filling also contains raisin , walnut and other dried fruit such as apple or figs .
prism gathers communications data on foreign targets from nine major u.s. internet-based communication service providers : microsoft , yahoo , google , facebook , paltalk , aol , skype , youtube and apple .
in 2009 , costa systems created the '' ileslie '' iphone application , sold by the apple itunes app store .
cox 's orange pippin is an apple cultivar first grown in 1830 , at colnbrook in buckinghamshire , england , by the retired brewer and horticulturist richard cox .
rambo is the name of two apple varieties .
hongfujin precision industry co. , a subsidiary of foxconn , is a company which manufactures apple 's iphone 5 , ipod as well as other products for multinational corporations .
alcatel ot-908s ot-918s ot-981a ot-990s ot-991 ot-995 one touch fierce one touch scribe x one touch scribe hd-lte apple iphone 5 , model a1428 manufactured after april 12 , 2013 iphone 5c , models a1436 and a1532 iphone 5s , models a1453 and a1533 ipad air , model a1475 ipad mini with retina display , model a1490 asus google nexus 7 padfone 2 google nexus 7 ( 2013 ) fonepad 7 blackberry q5 ( only sqr100-1 ) q10 ( only sqn100-5 ) z10 ( only stl-100-3 ( rfk121lw ) ) bold 9700 bold 9780 bold 9790 bold 9900 curve 9300 curve 9320 curve 9360 curve 9380 pearl 9100 torch 9810 torch 9860 many of the above listed blackberry devices have multiple versions , only one of each being aws compatible .
hector barbossa is fond of apple , which appear throughout the first film .
iframe logo iframe is a digital video format developed by apple .
apple , google , ibm , mcdonald's , and microsoft are the world 's five most valuable brands in an index published by millward brown .
devices shazam is also a free or low-cost application for some android devices , apple iphone , blackberry devices , nokia smartphones , windows phone devices , and most sony ericsson phones ( not to be confused with sony ericsson 's own trackid , which is a similar application ) .
common fruit bouquet items include apple , artichoke , avocado , banana , cheese , grape , lychee , mango , orange , papaya , pineapple , pomegranate , strawberries , and chocolate .
projects include helping apple design the user-interface for applelink personal edition ( which became aol ) , hp with the design of the user interface for its halo telepresence system , kaiser permanente improve its online library for physicians and nurses , sabre revolutionize its graphical user-interface design for one-third of the world 's travel agents , livescribe with the first version of its smartpen , and sap 's with sustainability-oriented enterprise software .
apple subsequently developed a new protocol appleshare ip which is not backwardly compatible .
jade has been featured in the new york times , the new york post , the los angeles times , the sydney morning herald , glamour , allure , mac life , mac world uk , marie claire uk and multiple other international fashion magazines and apple culture magazines .
it has a website and separate digital editions configured for both the ios operating system for the apple ipad and the android operating system for such devices as the google nexus , all of which offer video clips , extra features and multimedia and other material not found in the printed version of the newspaper .
zoomsystems has partnered with companies such as best buy , apple , macy's , proactiv solution , procter & gamble and max wellness .
original version the original formulation contained 106 mg of caffeine , 33 g of sugar , fruit of the açaí palm , 68 % apple juice , 5 % lemon juice , carbonated water , fructose and malt extract and trace quantities of guarana and ginseng , per 250 ml can .
hocevar is part of goatse security , an information security working group most known for revealing a security flaw in at&t 's website , leading to the release of 114,000 email addresses of apple ipad users .
grant has presented for leaders at organizations such as google , the nfl , merck , pixar , goldman sachs , facebook , microsoft , apple , the united nations , the world economic forum , and the us army , the us navy , and the us air force .
the charter members were composed of equipment vendors , independent producers , training professionals and members of apple 's iie computer group , sony 's smc-70 computer & interactive laser disc groups and pioneer 's interactive laserdisc groups .
the corporations jetta has analyzed include family dollar , dollar tree , walmart , apple , kmart , jcpenney , and sears .
the caterpillar 's food plants include apple , pear , plum , willow , hornbeam , lime and oak .
tekserve , a vast apple computer repair shop , serves nearby silicon alley and the area 's large creative community .
film production rodriguez was the executive producer of the biographical film jobs , directed by joshua michael stern and based on the life of apple co-founder , steve jobs .
less usual foods that have been reported are dried vegetable remains , dried fruits ( especially apple and raisin ) , horn shavings ( an organic fertilizer ) , cork and even refined sugar .
plagido also makes fruit wine from apple , blackberries , blueberries , and cranberries .
the country was the destination for berkshire hathaway 's first investment outside the united states when it purchased iscar metalworking , and the first research and development centers outside the united states for companies including intel , microsoft , and apple .
hardware since version 3.13 rockbox enables opus playback on supported portable media players , including products from the ipod series by apple , devices made by iriver , archos and sandisk , and on android devices using '' rockbox as an application '' ( raaa ) .
considering the politics of apple products where technologies and intellectual property are carefully controlled , goggin finds that the iphone is similarly entangled in policies and practices that '' circumscribe and manage '' how users consume and adapt this technology .
apple in reference to their quicktime media player employed the term fast start in 1997 , to describe what was commercially referred to as progressive download playback of encoded digital media content .
these rely on media that are not owned by the data owner but by service provider such as google , apple , microsoft and facebook .
in 2012 , mixvibes expanded their cross software range to cover nearly all apple devices .
the m4v file format is a video container format developed by apple and is very similar to the mp4 format .
morels growing in old apple orchard that had been treated with the insecticide lead arsenate may accumulate levels of toxic lead and arsenic that are unhealthy for human consumption .
jeff barnes jeffrey '' jeff '' barnes is a member of the nerd herd specializing in apple products .
apple and bunches of grape occur very frequently , other fruits less so .
notable stores include apple , aldo , swarovski , express , claire's , crate & barrel , pottery barn , and red door spa .
susan kare ( born 1954 ) is an artist and graphic designer who created many of the interface elements for the apple macintosh in the 1980s .
wildfire has also been cited as '' a really early version of siri mostly geared for business execs '' and similarities have also been drawn between wildfire 's relaxed conversational style and that of the apple assistant .
swayze created the apple known as the swayze pomme gris .
he currently resides in san jose , california as a designer at apple , with his wife , lisa walter , and their three daughters , adrienne , cameron and deirdre .
in 1980 , motorola 's next generation 32-bit microprocessor , the mc68000 , led the wave of technologies that spurred the computing revolution in 1984 , powering devices from companies such as apple , commodore , atari , sun , and hewlett packard .
with the lisa , apple introduced a desktop environment on an affordable personal computer , which also failed in the market .
pear , apple , grape , oranges , mandarin orange , nectarine , mespila , blackberries , cherries , strawberries , figs , watermelon , melon , avocado , citrus , lemon , pistachio , almond , chestnut , walnut , hazelnut are some of the commonest of the fruits and nuts .
the company 's most profitable products on the apple 's app store and include '' chop chop ninja '' , '' chop chop runner '' , '' chop chop tennis '' and '' chop chop caveman '' .
one of the first popular image editors was apple 's macpaint , companion to macdraw .
the companies that make the platforms , such as microsoft , cisco , ibm , hewlett-packard , novell , google , oracle , apple , sap and salesforce.com encourage and lend support to isvs , often with special '' business partner '' programs .
also , vim is shipped with every copy of apple os x .
students ranked in the school 's top 1 % occasionally get a class period ( work experience ) that permits them to leave school early and go to local businesses such as apple , safeway , and the habit to work in $ 25-an-hour internships .
the font is also apparently licensed to apple , who announced on october 16 , 2007 that their flagship operating system , mac os x v10.5 ( '' leopard '' ) , would be bundled with arial unicode .
wine is produced by fermentation of the natural sugars present in grapes ; cider and perry are produced by similar fermentation of natural sugar in apple and pear , respectively ; and other fruit wine are produced from the fermentation of the sugars in and other kinds of fruit .
plant foods eaten by the beech marten include cherries , apple , pear , plum , black nightshade , tomato , grape , raspberries and mountain ash .
commercial use the song 's title comes from the norwegian word for apple .
in particular wapa is seeking cooperative initiatives among its members to increase consumer demand for apples and pears by : facilitating exchange and dissemination of scientific information citing nutritional benefits to boost demand introducing common production best practices to ensure the product placed on the market is of the best possible quality and satisfies consumer expectations discussing matters relating to marketing standards to improve the market position of apples and pears by developing close links with retail chains membership wapa is open to any country that produces apple and pear for the fresh market .
notebooks with this feature include the dell studio and latitude series , some hp elitebooks and some hp envy models , and the apple macbook pro and macbook air .
- black cherry ( m , we , wo ) pyrus malus l. - apple ( m , we ) rosa carolina l. - pasture rose ( we ) rosa multiflora thunb .
another important activity is the production of apple , pear , peach and others , specially in the alto valle area , shared with río negro .
competitors included mitsubishi with their diamondtron nf brand of flat aperture grille crt displays , as used in certain computer monitors from mitsubishi , nec , and apple .
the economy of the village is basically agrarian , with the cultivation on its irrigated and unirrigated land of almond , cereal , pear , apple , olive , peach , etc. arbeca is situated in the north-northeast of les garrigues , near the comarques of pla d'urgell and urgell , and about 30 kilometers from lleida , the capital of the province of the same name .
dr. arnold kim ( often referred to as '' arn '' online ) is the owner of macrumors , a popular apple rumors website .
competition in the global mobile advertising market , inmobi primarily competes against google 's admob millennial media and apple 's iad .
some farms offer pick-your-own peach , apple , and pumpkin .
he has contributed numerous articles to the apple developers connection , computer arts magazine , and macworld magazine as well as appearing on techtv 's the screen savers .
in early february 2006 , apple confirmed reports of video display problems on the new intel-based imacs .
implementation the mac os x 10.8.5 system preferences dialog , non-scaled ( left ) and scaled ( right ) os x apple has included some support for resolution independence in earlier versions of os x ( formerly mac os x ) , which could be demonstrated with the developer tools quartz debug that included a feature allowing the user to scale the interface .
a freshening stream satisfied the water problem and irrigated a lush peach , pear , and apple orchard .
supported languages international versions according to sources from brazilian site techguru , nuance communications has delivered the final version in portuguese to apple .
beal also composed and produced the music for commercials from apple , nasdaq , ben & jerry 's , amgen , dr. pepper and many other major advertisers .
apple almond ash beech crepe myrtle chestnut dogwood elm ficus grape hazelnut hornbeam laburnum linden maple olive peach pear privet river red gum sycamore willow wisteria conjoined trees two trees may grow to their mature size adjacent to each other and seemingly grow together or conjoin , demonstrating the process of inosculation .
agricultural products include apple , banana , barley , beans , cacao , coffee , maize , oat , peach , plantain , potato , rice , sugarcane and wheat .
hypermeganet ug claims it is acting within the law because apple 's eula -- that forbids installation of mac os x on non-apple branded computers -- only applies if it can be seen before purchase , according to german law .
the president of sabre 's special projects , nellie bertram ( catherine tate ) begins to talk about the project , which encompasses creating a store to rival apple 's chain of stores , and dwight and packer start to compete to see who will become her vice president .
iphoto can not be purchased separately , but is part of the ilife suite which is available from apple for 10.49 gbp .
apple have the highest chilling requirements of all fruit trees , followed by apricot and , lastly , peach .
following models from 1967 and 70 research claussen-finks made analytical research on trade fair impact and brand relation based on individual video interviews for ibm , daimler , bmw , apple , siemens , nixdorf , sun microsystems , sony , deutsche telekom and others .
on september 18 , 2002 , apple bundled a similar program , sherlock 3 , with mac os x v10.2 .
mobile in april 2013 , udemy was first offered as an apple ios app , allowing students to take classes directly from smartphones ; the android version was launched in january 2014 .
as watchespn on april 7 , 2011 , espn released a mobile app called watchespn on the app store for apple devices , using the same subscriber authentication functionality to allow access to simulcasts of the available espn channels on the service via the iphone , ipad and ipod touch ; the app was released on the android market ( now google play ) on may 9 , 2011 .
microsoft security essentials microsoft .net framework 4.0 microsoft silverlight runtime for ie adobe flash player 10.2 and acrobat reader for reading pdf files exopc gui layer store specific applications an application library , similar to the apple app store or the android market is available for the device , accessible through the exopc ui .
products using the internet printing protocol include , among others , cups which is part of apple mac os x and many bsd and linux distributions and is the reference implementation for ipp/2 .0 and ipp/2 .1 , novell iprint , and microsoft windows , starting with ms windows 2000 .
in the eastern us , the gypsy moth prefers oaks , aspen , apple , sweetgum , speckled alder , basswood , gray , paper birch , poplar , willow , and hawthorns , amongst other species .
aqua is the gui and primary visual theme of apple 's os x operating system .
from 1987 to 1991 , he worked in the business development group at apple .
on november 2 , 2010 , wolo became the first television station in columbia to stream live newscasts and breaking news coverage on apple ios devices .
'' malling series '' is the name of famous apple rootstock .
the first game , blast billiards touch , was approved by apple in december 2009 .
notable merchants companies like apple , target , barnes & noble , qdoba , fuddruckers , walmart , reebok , sephora , the north face , toshiba , puma , drugstore.com , adidas and pacsun offer student discounts via edhance .
ontario-grown fruits used to make these wines include ( but are not limited to ) apple , apricot , black currant , blackberry , blueberry , cherry , cranberry , elderberry , gooseberry , huckleberry , haskap , nectarine , peach , pear , plum , red currant , raspberry , saskatoon berry , and strawberry .
the website is only open to students and leverages discounts offered through partners such as percentage savings at sites like apple , microsoft , best buy , and groupon .
iphoto does not , however , provide the comprehensive editing functionality of programs such as apple 's own aperture , or adobe 's photoshop ( not to be confused with photoshop elements or album ) , or gimp .
' sekai ichi ' is a cultivar of apple first released from japan in 1974 .
he loves apple and is allergic to cherries .
history z-maestro development began in 2006 in an attempt to introduce a product that could compete with apple garageband for ease of use and professional products like fl studio and logic pro for features .
cherokee nation members joseph l. erb , roy boney , jr . , and thomas jeff edwards worked with apple to bring official cherokee language support to the iphone and ipod touch in ios 4.1 ( released september 8 , 2010 ) and for the ipad with ios 4.2.1 , which was released on november 22 , 2010 .
this approach has been utilised by both operators and device manufacturers , for example i-mode ( ntt docomo ) , blackberry ( rim ) and iphone ( apple ) .
history the company , founded in 1999 , employs numerous established high-tech veterans , including former executives from electronic arts , ebay , disney , adobe , and apple .
the melons , grapes , apple , quince , and pear of uzbekistan are well known for their quality .
kodak sold many of its patents for approximately $ 525,000,000 to a group of companies ( including apple , google , facebook , amazon , microsoft , samsung , adobe systems and htc ) under the name intellectual ventures and rpx corporation .
inc. , led apple 's powerbook division to profitability and served as chief executive officer and president of borland software corporation .
the ripe fruit are edible but may be fairly tart , and taste like a giant cranberry , though some species have fruity flavors with overtones of strawberry or apple .
thus in many sub counties there are successful farmers engaged in the production of grape , apple , pear and peach .
the village is also famous for its apple and other fruit , and for its many forests such as pine tree and oak tree which are well known in lebanon .
bill atkinson -- designer of much of the graphic subsystem for the apple macintosh and creator of hypercard and macpaint .
battery production and distribution joint-venture coda has a global joint-venture with lishen power battery , a global battery cell supplier to samsung , motorola , and apple , for the design , manufacture , and sale of battery systems called lio energy systems .
another revamped sequel , rally-x rumble , was released on apple 's ios platform on august 17 , 2011 .
the first screensaver that allowed users to change the activating time was released on apple 's lisa , in 1983 .
desktop computers from apple and ibm had been steadily gaining speed and power and in 1987 they became more powerful than the more expensive lisp machines made by symbolics and others .
of the berries that have been found are raspberry ( rubus idaeus ) , dewberry ( rubus caesius ) , wild strawberry , and the somewhat less palatable dogwood ( cornus sanguinea ) , hawthorn ( crataegus monogyna and oxyacantha ) , rowanberry ( sorbus aucuparia ) , crab apple and rose hips .
the current brick building has stood ever since , supported at some times through the sale of grass and apple from the church 's orchard in 1901 the parsonage was replaced with a new manse next to the church , which was itself expanded in 1920 and 1949 with wings consistent with its existing colonial stylings .
crops which support aphid populations include wheat , sorghum , sweet corn , alfalfa , soybean , pea , bean , cotton , potato , brassica crops , tomato , asparagus and apple .
in contrast , the '' enter '' key is commonly labeled with its name in plain text on generic pc keyboards , or with the symbol ( u +2324 ) on many apple mac keyboards .
the prize-winners include companies such as siemens in 1995 , apple in 2001 , bmw in 2007 , the bose design center in 2008 , porsche in 2012 , lenovo in 2013 and veryday ( 2014 ) .
tony fadell ( coe : bse compe 1991 ) -- '' father '' of the apple ipod .
on apple 's systems , and on a handful of other laptops , there are also thunderbolt ports .
several witnesses reported that hundreds of apple seemingly fell out of the sky landing on the ground , and several cars , below .
on january 31 , 2008 , apple released the macbook air , a thin laptop with an optional 64 gb ssd .
in iran , the word used is سیب ( saib ) , meaning '' apple .
the app was a # 1 best-seller on the itunes store and won apple 's prestigious award for best designed app of 2011 .
totaling , it is southington 's largest farm and the largest apple - grower in the state , selling wholesale to local stores and retail at its farmers ' market .
the eone was an all-in-one desktop computer produced by emachines in 1999 that bore a clear resemblance to the design of apple 's imac .
apple ios 7 , released on september 18 , 2013 is the first large scale commercial deployment of multipath tcp .
steve capps is an american computer programmer , who was one of the designers of the original apple macintosh computer .
popularity show of hands has been downloaded over 300,000 times across the apple and android app stores .
the province produces almost 70 % of the apple and pear of the country , most it for exportation with 38 % of it as fresh fruit and 40 % as juice concentrate , through the port of san antonio oeste .
these representations may be considered somewhat unusual by a modern user , but at the time there were no commonly accepted metaphors and commodore chose to use different idioms from their competitors ( apple had already pursued legal action to prevent other software companies from offering graphical user interfaces similar to its own ) .
other common ingredients are additional grated or chopped fresh fruit ( e.g. , banana , apple , berries , grape , mango ) , dried fruit , milk products ( e.g. , fresh milk , yogurt , cream , condensed milk , fromage frais , quark , cottage cheese , or nondairy milk substitutes ) , lemon juice , ground nut , seeds , spices ( especially cinnamon ) , honey and muesli mix .
while meat was the main component of the upper-class diet , they occasionally took vegetables such as turnip , carrot , and radish and fruit such as apple , plum , and woodland strawberries .
history albertming was founded by albert shyy and ming chang , a former apple engineer , in 2010 .
this dng workflow is used today by the network to receive material worldwide using an apple macbook pro , various prosumer and professional digital cameras , software from streambox inc. , and bgan terminals from hughes network systems .
sony 's xdcam mxf is supported by adobe after effects , adobe premiere pro , apple final cut pro via xdcam transfer , autodesk smoke , avid , dalet , harris , omneon , quantel , rhozet , sony vegas pro , sorenson squeeze telestream flipfactory , grassvalley edius , and grass valley k2 .
his most famous advertisement was 1984 ( 1984 ) , directed by ridley scott , for apple .
notable examples include : linkedin : the serious network 6 reasons why apis are reshaping your business facebook : the perfect startup amazon.com : the hidden empire apple : 8 easy steps to beat microsoft ( and google ) why could google die ... maybe not now , but tomorrow excubation the company operates with a startup mindset , launching prototypes with lean budgets and skeleton crews , and later expanding resources to accommodate growth .
apple founder steve jobs recalled that '' larry told me that 15 minutes into the meeting , he knew ray was the only guy he had met who was near smart enough to run oracle .
terhune also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , and peach .
industries it is primarily an agricultural area with many apple orchards and vineyards , and market gardens , growing strawberries , cabbages , rhubarb and lettuce are also amongst the primary produce .
agriculture is the main branch of economy grow : cereals ( wheat , barley , oats ) , vegetables , tobacco , sunflower , sugar beet , in orchards : apple , plum , pear , cherry and others .
competing technologies apple 's audio units avid 's avid audio extension digidesign 's real time audiosuite digidesign 's tdm ladspa , dssi for linux lv2 , a cross-platform , open source , liberally licensed audio plugin standard microsoft 's directx plugin mark of the unicorn 's motu audio system jack audio connection kit , an open source sound server allowing flexible audio routing between apps propellerhead 's rack extensions programming languages steinberg 's vst sdk is a set of c + + classes based around an underlying c api .
salads typical salads are made of a fairly short list of ingredients : endless combinations of boiled beef or chicken , potato , beet , carrot , apple , herring , diced cheese , canned pea and corn , canned fish , ` crab fingers ' , onion and mushrooms , and are generously seasoned with mayonnaise or sunflower oil .
desktop environments and applications could be hosted in a datacenter , with users accessing these environments from a wide range of client devices , including microsoft windows pcs , sun ray virtual display clients , apple macintoshes , pdas or any combination of supported devices .
goatup is an arcade platform game for ios devices developed by jeff minter and ivan zorzin of llamasoft and published via the apple app store .
macscan is an anti- malware utility for apple 's mac os x developed by securemac .
arbitrary marks include preexisting words used in an arbitrary way , such as apple when used for computers .
in some color printers , such as the apple imagewriter ii , the printer moved the ribbon relative to the fixed print head assembly .
these topics included hashtags referring to apple , the iphone , mousavi ( the iranian presidential candidate ) as well as other hashtags relating to the 2009 iranian election protests .
orchard farming , particularly apple growing plays an important role , with 4.4 km ² of land devoted to orcharding .
pascal cagni is a french business leader best known for his highly successful management of apple 's european business from 2000 to 2012 .
extant sections treat of apple , peach , quince , citron , almond , chestnut , parsnip , and various other edibles , with an emphasis on the medical effects they have on the body ( quoting dioscorides sometimes ) .
in addition the production of cherries , zwetschge , and apple contribute significantly to the economy .
four of its patents , now owned by allen 's interval licensing llc , are the subject of a patent infringement lawsuit interval licensing filed in august 2010 against aol , apple , ebay , facebook , google , netflix , office depot , officemax , staples , yahoo! , and youtube ( but not microsoft ) : : '' attention manager for occupying the peripheral attention of a person in the vicinity of a display device '' .
following the transition to the cw , supernatural episodes were added to apple 's itunes store starting in december 2006 , being one of the first cw series to be made available for sale online .
in a court case accusing microsoft of being a monopoly , linux and open source software was introduced in court to prove that microsoft had valid competitors and was grouped in with apple .
it was developed in the late 1980s and early 1990s by apple , who called it firewire .
origin at the core of rae assist was a technology that a group of apple employees had developed under the direction of samir arora .
steve jobs ( february 24 , 1955 -- october 5 , 2011 ) , was the co-founder and former ceo of apple , the largest disney shareholder , and a member of disney 's board of directors .
in 2009 , the seat león cupra was turned into a race car in the ` seat cupra race ' mobile game for apple iphone / ipod touch available through the itunes ' app store .
cafection has partnerships with apple , google , aramark , facebook , microsoft and bill and melinda gates ' foundation .
full members include most of the main computer software and hardware companies with any interest in text-processing standards , including adobe systems , apple , google , ibm , microsoft , oracle corporation , yahoo! and the ministry of endowments and religious affairs of sultanate of oman .
her album hypnotized was the most downloaded house dance album on apple 's itunes music store in june 2005 .
in apple 's mac os x , it was available as an alternative to hfs+ , their proprietary filesystem .
aside from co-founding purple moon , she has served as an interaction design consultant for multiple companies including sony pictures , apple , and citibank .
fruits include apple , cherries , cherimoya , peach , and pear .
it is a plant pathogen that grows on apple ( pyrus malus ) .
certifications supported include : apple , cedia , cisco , comptia , dell , hp , microsoft , novell and samsung .
on commercial personal computer the desktop metaphor was popularized among technical users by the original macintosh from apple in 1984 , and among the general population by windows 95 from microsoft in 1995 .
apple temporarily removed how to download a boyfriend from its e-book store citing concerns over nudity in the book .
career large corporations and start-ups whurley moved to austin in 1994 to work at apple , eventually working in research and development .
esther balogh spoke on paprika , bruce kraig on hot dog and joan morgan on apple , soon to be the subject of her definitive the book of apples ( 1993 ) .
the high school maintains four separate computer labs holding both apple and pc computers .
early settlers of fertile land in mesopotamia used wooden plow to soften the soil before planting crops such as barley , onion , grape , turnip , and apple .
a direct conversion of an apple ios game , , asphalt 3d includes 17 tracks based on real-life locations and 42 licensed sports vehicles .
also it is a district that has a lot of valley of fruit like chirimoya , avocado , apple , tumbo , and other fruits .
the newer models include support for apple 's time machine backup software .
was released on the apple ios in 2009 .
history wifi explorer began as a desktop alternative to wifi analyzer , an iphone app for wireless network scanning that was pulled out from apple 's app store in march , 2010 due to the use of private frameworks .
plum , apricot , pomegranate , pear , apple , grape , and fig , along with many kinds of citrus are the most frequently used fruit , either fresh or dried , in turkish cuisine .
northern honshū produced 75 % of apple of japan ; other products included cherries and horses .
it develops and offers tools and libraries for software developers on a variety of development platforms , including embarcadero delphi , microsoft .net , mono , and apple 's xcode .
also crickets ( kōrogi ) : all autumn ( august -- october ) -- noted for the singing of the males nashi pear ( 梨 nashi ) , chaenomeles ( boke no mi ) , peach ( momo ) , persimmon ( kaki ) , apple ( ringo ) and grape ( budō ) are examples of fruit that are used as autumn kigo .
gymnosporangium is a genus of heteroecious plant-pathogenic fungi which alternately infect members of the family cupressaceae , primarily species in the genus juniperus ( juniper ) , and members of the family rosaceae in the subfamily maloideae ( apple , pear , quince , shadbush , hawthorns , rowan and their relatives ) .
funding key investors include former apple european ceo , pascal cagny , former bbc director-general john birt , co-founder of games workshop and life president of eidos , ian livingstone , and chairman of retail group kingfisher and former chief executive officer of carrefour , daniel bernard .
these are categorised by the brewers as : single varietal cider , where only one type of apple is used .
abc and nielsen partnered in 2011 to create a grey anatomy application for apple 's ipad .
nothing real was acquired in 2002 by apple .
on 28 april 2008 , apple announced an updated imac line featuring an 8800 gs .
the a.p.p.l.e. is one of the oldest official apple users groups in existence and specializes in providing users usable freeware and shareware .
mott 's is a american company involved primarily in producing apple - based products , particularly juice and sauce .
commercial orcharding of apple was first tried there in 1892 , but a series of setbacks prevented the major success of commercial fruit crops until the 1920s .
computer lettering the evolution of desktop publishing powered by computers , especially those made by apple , began in the 1980s , and started having a gradual impact on comics lettering soon after .
for the mountain towns , the crops are summer fruits , mainly apple and pear .
business steve jobs , founder of apple .
identifying the fruit potential forbidden fruits of the garden of eden include the apple , pomegranate , the fig , the carob , the etrog or citron , the pear , mushrooms , the quince and , more recently , the datura .
die size : 107 mm 2 ( penryn ) , 82 mm 2 ( penryn-3m ) steppings : c0 , e0 ( penryn ) m0 , r0 ( penryn-3m ) "penryn" , "penryn-3m" ( medium-voltage , 45 nm ) all models support : mmx , sse , sse2 , sse3 , ssse3 , sse4.1 , enhanced intel speedstep technology ( eist ) , intel 64 , xd bit ( an nx bit implementation ) , iamt2 ( intel active management ) , intel vt-x ( except the non-mac p7350 , p7450 ) , txt , ida ( intel dynamic acceleration ) select apple subsets of p7000 series processors support intel vt-x .
high profile exits include those of zyb to vodafone europe bv in may 2008 for $ 50 million and polar rose to apple in september 2010 for a mooted $ 22 million .
plăcintă is a romania traditional pastry resembling a thin , small round or square-shaped cake , usually filled with a soft cheese such as urdă or apple .
available for download from the apple app store and google play , grindr comes in both free and subscription-based versions ( grindr xtra ) .
when the ipod photo was first announced apple claimed that the device featured a '' new myriad typeface , '' stating ... now in living color , it 's easier to read than ever .
after the nes version , the game was subsequently released for atari st and msx in 1987 , and amiga , dos , and apple in 1989 .
in 2011 , evolution produces five types of juice with the pascalization or high pressure process , orange , grapefruit , lemonade , apple and tangerine .
super ox wars is an arcade vertical-scrolling shooter game for ios devices developed by jeff minter and ivan zorzin of llamasoft and published via the apple app store .
shown is how the woman ( whose appearance does n't resemble snow white 's ) bites a poison apple from a tree and then falls asleep .
developed by apple , it is the open source equivalent of quicktime streaming server , and is based on its code .
his tenure was marked by significant investments in roads , irrigation works , rural electrification , as well as higher subsidies for apple and pear exporters .
willow creek makes wine from apple and pumpkin , and has a separate brand for non-estate wines , named '' wilde cock '' after the owner and the rooster that live at the farm .
some industrial groups allow , and often encourage , their fans to remix their music , notably nine inch nails , whose website contains a list of downloadable songs that can be remixed using apple 's garageband software .
'' fruits , sometimes categorized with vegetables , include apple , oranges , banana , berries and lemon .
a parody of apple 's get a mac series of commercials , with former writers chris elliott and gerard mulligan portraying the roles of mac and pc , respectively .
partners the academy 's partners include apple , arri , cannes film festival , goldsmiths , university of london , kodak , new horizons film festival , riverside studios , deluxe entertainment services group inc . , and anglia ruskin university ( cambridge campus ) courses of study the college provides a variety of film-making courses , taught either in london or in the algarve , portugal ( in association with the algarve film commission ) .
notable examples include : apple ( malus domestica ) .
prekmurska gibanica , a pastry from prekmurje , made of eight layers , contains poppy seed , walnut , apple , raisin , and ricotta fillings .
rickner helped create the first truetype fonts at apple and did all the font hinting for microsoft 's georgia and verdana fonts .
it is very common in the autumn , feeding on apple trees in gardens , and on willow bushes in hedges .
the timber harvested in south haven was shipped to chicago and milwaukee via steamboats and schooners , and the cleared forests were then used by fruit farmers , who primarily grew peach , blueberries and apple .
the technical committee was chaired by two microsoft employees and included members drawn from apple , canon , intel , nextpage , novell , pioneer , statoil asa , toshiba , the united states library of congress , the british library and the gnome foundation .
these include apple , beetroot , cabbage , carrot , high quality coffee , common bean , maize , onion , peach , plum , potato , radish , turnip and wheat .
history pulse icon pulse was originally released in may 2010 for the apple ipad .
in 2007 , apple 's iphone was the first cell phone promoting this feature .
a commoner and more benign constituent of desfontainia , present in considerable quantity , is the pentacyclic triterpene acid ursolic acid , in which apple peel is particularly rich .
official extensions agp graphics card ( apple macintosh ) agp pro graphics card agp pro it is an official extension for cards that required more electrical power .
at 14 , he was also the managing director of his own web design firm , had created six apps , and was a delegate to attend the 2012 apple conference .
apple thinning : before ( at left ) after ( at right ) sugar beet thinning thinning is a term used in agricultural sciences to mean the removal of some plant , or parts of plants , to make room for the growth of others .
macintosh rom files are owned by apple and can not be legally distributed .
agriculture , gardening and industry the main garden products are walnuts , apple , cherry , sour cherry and apricot .
touch pets : dogs was a game for apple 's iphone .
since 2005 , nat-pmp has been implemented in various apple products .
critics felt that in the case of the latter , microsoft 's decision had delivered a potential blow to the adoption of usb 2.0 , as xp was to provide support for the competing , apple - developed firewire standard instead .
one of these prime examples can see through the apple product , the iphone , in which '' emoji '' are seen as icons in a separate keyboard to convey what words would have once delivered .
the largest crops ( ) 300 kilo tonnes , in 2001-2001 ) include orange , apple , banana , chestnut , potato , carrot and tomato .
'' when , on october 2005 , steve jobs from apple , was introducing the new ipod 5g 's video podcast capabilities , he showed a playlist of video podcasts that included rocketboom .
wheels of zeus ( or woz ) was a company founded in 2002 by apple co-founder steve wozniak .
some modern mice can scroll horizontally as well as vertically , using a scroll-wheel ( introduced by microsoft ) , scroll ball ( found , for example , on apple 's mighty mouse ) , pointing stick , or a second scroll wheel .
he has made keynote addresses at the united nations , , google , apple , ucla and the hammer museum .
created notes are synced through all the user 's apple devices through the icloud service .
the diversity of its ecology and climate makes it possible to grow temperate crop such as apple , pear , plum , grape and citrus fruit and tropical products such as mango and lychee , as well as a wide variety of other crops including coffee , clove , sisal , maize , tuber and various spice .
in january , 2012 the focus changed to economic development projects and the organization was rebranded as aythos , inc. projects in 2012 aythos was asked to consult for a grant to develop apple tree and kiwifruit plant farms in villages in helambu .
similar to freemidi by mark of the unicorn and audio midi setup by apple , oms is used to manage midi devices by providing applications and the mac os with information regarding the physical setup of midi devices connected to the computer .
romeo suicide by poison in romeo and juliet snow white ate a poisoned apple mingo swieter in ricarda huch 's 1917 novel , the deruga case ( curare ) vladimir harkonnen of dune unsuccessful poisoning of ron weasley in harry potter and the half-blood prince .
steve works for a computer sales and repair company that concentrates on apple products .
it was developed by apple as a replacement for ostype ( type & creator codes ) .
the game being played is between the calgary flames and the los angeles kings a mobile version for apple devices was released on the app store , also on august 24 , 2010 .
the upper midwest , a prime fruit - growing region , sees the extensive use of apple , blueberries , cranberries , cherries , peach and other cold-climate fruit in its cuisine .
it is available in fruit varieties including orange , citrus , grapefruit , apple , strawberry , raspberry , pineapple , pomegranate , banana , passionfruit , lemon , hibiscus , guarana , tangerine , watermelon and grape flavors as well as tamarind .
this unique characteristic of asexual reproduction helped to develop a number of cultivars of fruits and vegetables including grape , apple , pear and peach .
partnerships starbucks has agreed to a partnership with apple to collaborate on selling music as part of the '' coffeehouse experience '' .
this partnership was similar to content deals announced by apple and microsoft .
popular fruits include apple , pear , fig , grape , quince , and pomegranate .
technology industry pittsburgh has established itself as a technology hub with such companies as google , apple , intel and rand establishing campuses in the city .
when the dutch took over the area in the mid 17th century and renamed it new netherland , they similarly promoted viticulture in the area but found the area more suited for apple orchards .
formative pruning of apple ( malus pumila ) and pear ( pyrus communis ) trees should be carried out in the dormant winter months .
it was very well received and achieved apple editor choice featuring .
discovery is a dessert apple cultivar .
the fruits , which only ripen after dropping to the ground , are valued as an australian bush food and are variously described as tasting like stewed apple or kiwifruit .
it currently contains about 1,000 plants representing 30 genera , primarily those indigenous to dordogne , including oak , maple , dogwood , magnolia , willow , and old varieties of apple , as well as deutzia , hibiscus , hydrangea , and peony .
over time perennials and small trees began to be domesticated including apple and olive .
thunderbolt was co-developed by apple and intel .
the larvae feed on birch , elm , alder , hazel , apple , crataegus , sorbus , willow , comptonia peregrina and quercus wislizenii .
dichlofluanid ( n - dichlorofluoromethylthio - n , n - dimethyl - n - phenylsulfamide ) is a fungicide used to protect strawberries , grape , berries , apple , pear and other fruit , vegetables and ornamental plants from diseases such as scab , black spot , leather rot , gray mold , downy mildew and others caused by the fungi botrytis , alternaria , sclerotinia , and monilinia .
as a third and last attempt to rid herself of snow white , she secretly consults the darkest magic and makes a poisoned apple , and in the disguise of a farmer 's wife , she offers it to snow white .
under the pseudonym '' fake steve jobs , '' he also wrote the secret diary of steve jobs , a popular blog and parody of apple ceo steve jobs .
introduced in 1999 , it preceded the apple ipod and similar players .
products rogers wireless carries feature phone and smartphone made by apple , blackberry , htc , lg , motorola , nokia , samsung and sony .
mac os x apple mac os x server has included clamav since version 10.4 .
later bought by apple and distributed for free , at least in part to settle a class-action lawsuit brought by customers who demanded to know why their 32-bit 68020 microprocessors could not access more than 8 megabytes of ram .
scoops sony laptop battery scandal in 2006 the inquirer reported laptop battery problems that affected dell , sony and apple as of september 2006 , with rumors of problems at toshiba and lenovo .
in 2005 and 2006 , recording artists gwen stefani appeared in advertisements related to a campaign in which codes printed underneath diet pepsi bottle caps could be redeemed for music downloads on the apple itunes music store .
referenced developers for adobe systems , quark , inc . , apple and microsoft , j2s develops and provides : iphone apps flex & air rich clients indesign & indesign server plug-ins livecycle product integration ( livecyle designer , livecyle forms , livecyle workflow ... ) other extensions ( photoshop , acrobat , illustrator , quarkxpress , ... ) applications operating on windows and/or macos handling of file formats ( xml , xmp , iptc , jpeg , pdf , ... ) internet technologies ( apache , flex , asp , php , cgi , html ... ) the preferred language is c++ and actionscript , other languages used include c , php , asp , pascal , visual basic , and perl .
on july 11 , 2008 , pandora launched a mobile version of their software for the apple iphone and ipod touch through the itunes app store .
itunes ping , also known simply as ping , was a software-based , music-oriented social networking and recommender system service developed and operated by apple .
this is a list of countries by apple production in 2011 mostly based on fao accessed in march 2013 .
the revised edition desert to dream : a dozen years of burning man photography relaunched in 2011 along with apple 's ios ebook version .
auburn road also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , and peach advocacy , features , licensing , and associations auburn road is an advocate of the direct shipping of wine from wineries to customers .
; fruits 113 plum and prunes 35 fruiting cactus 16 blackberries 13 raspberries 11 quince 11 plumcot ten cherries ten strawberries ten apple eight peach six chestnut five nectarine four grape four pear three walnut two fig one almond 69 nuts ; grains , grasses , forage nine types ; vegetables 26 types ; ornamentals 91 types burbank was criticized by scientists of his day because he did not keep the kind of careful records that are the norm in scientific research and because he was mainly interested in getting results rather than in basic research .
oz now also distributed since 1.4.0 pipeline pilot prograph pure data pythonect quartz composer - designed by apple ; used for graphic animations and effects sac single assignment c scala ( with a library ) signal ( a dataflow-oriented synchronous language enabling multi-clock specifications ) simulink simpl sisal - a visual programming environment focused on industrial vision ( open source ) swarm system verilog tersus - visual programming platform ( open source ) verilog vhdl vignette 's vbis language for business processes integration vvvv vsxu widget workshop , a '' game '' designed for children which is technically a simplified dataflow programming language .
the current model issued to students is the 11-inch apple macbook air .
apple subsequently developed a competing standard , truetype , which provided full scalability and precise control of the pixel pattern created by the font 's outlines , and licensed it to microsoft .
in that role he oversaw digital music strategy , including new media projects and strategic relationships with mobile phone companies , music download / streaming partners ( such as apple , rhapsody , spotify , myspace music , pandora and others ) and social media networks .
testing centers prometic testing center in march 2008 an agreement between the institute and prometric company was signed , these agreement give the institute the right to start his own testing center that provides all microsoft exams as well as sun and apple .
on april 22 , 2010 , casamassina announced on his blog that he would be leaving ign to work for apple .
it features the single '' new soul '' , which gained widespread popularity after being featured in apple 's macbook air video advertisement .
some foods whose processing creates press cakes are olive for olive oil ( pomace ) , peanut for peanut oil , coconut flesh for coconut cream and milk ( sapal ) , grape for wine ( pomace ) , apple for cider ( pomace ) , and soybean for soy milk ( used to make tofu ) ( this is called okara ) or oil .
in this leg 's roadblock , one team member had to '' relive '' the story of swiss hero william tell by using a crossbow to shoot an apple off a mannequin 's head .
before joining at & t , he was senior vice president at apple , where he led the worldwide research and development group responsible for mac os software , macintosh hardware , imaging and other peripheral products development .
it has been described as '' a wink and nod to apple 's ipod and iphone '' , while former ad age writer matt carmichael notes that the lowercase '' i '' in igeneration '' leaves room for interpretation '' and '' could be any number of things : it could be for interactive , it could be for international , it could be for something we have n't thought of yet .
the company is probably referring to figures released by apple in 2012 , when celebrating the 25th billion app download .
the book discusses fanaticism about the apple product line .
some ( such as apple , atari , and acorn ) persevered with their independent and quite different systems .
in december 2009 , rovio released angry birds , its 52nd game , a slingshot-puzzle game for the iphone , where it reached no. 1 spot in the apple app store chart after six months , and remained charted for months after .
these sweet dumplings are made by wrapping fruit , frequently a whole tart apple , in pastry , then baking until the pastry is browned and the filling is tender .
history canvas was initially introduced by apple for use inside their own mac os x webkit component in 2004 , powering applications like dashboard widgets and the safari browser .
tentation ® delblush is a new commercial apple variety ( also known as delblush ) , that was created in france in 1979 by georges delbard as the result of a crossing of grifer ( blushing golden ) golden delicious .
emoji characters softbank encoding this encoding was used in apple 's ios prior to version 5 .
maitai was created by charles river ventures partner bill tai and annually features engineers , consultants , and venture capitalists from apple , facebook , and google among others .
produced by tunnelsoft , a division of babendererde engineers , this software is available as a lan or web application or on an apple or android smartphone or tablet .
bon ` app is an open platform that includes applications for apple mobile devices , android phones , and a website .
in january 2007 , the first season of star trek : the original series became available for download from apple 's itunes store .
the issue marked the eighth time jobs was featured on the cover of time , and included a photographic essay by diana walker , a retrospective on apple by harry mccracken and lev grossman , and a six-page essay by walter isaacson .
as well as offering music technology courses at undergraduate and postgraduate level , lcm is an official native instruments training center and offers apple certified logic , pro tools and ableton live training courses .
operating systems available for these platforms include ms windows , freebsd , the different gnu / linux distribution , apple mac os x , and oracle solaris .
fruits are also greatly appreciated in egypt : mango , grape , banana , apple , sycamore , guava , and peach are very popular , especially because they are all domestically produced therefore are available in relatively low prices .
the suicides drew media attention , and employment practices at foxconn , a large contract manufacturer , were investigated by several of its customers including apple and hp .
in 2009 , psfk created a list of the top 10 most '' inspirational brands , '' which included google , apple , zipcar , and other major consumer companies .
history founded in 1888 , stirling grew rapidly as a result of the expansion of apple growing and market gardening to satisfy the demand of the expanding city of adelaide , whose center is only 15 kilometres from stirling .
it is made by crushing apple and squeezing out the liquid .
the people of ain ebel cultivate their land and produce olive , almond , chestnut , pecan , grape , fig , pomegranate , and apple .
these , in turn , have been incorporated in whole or in part in modern proprietary operating systems , e.g. the tcp/ip ( ipv4 only ) networking code in microsoft windows and most of the foundation of apple 's os x and ios .
major prizes are supplied by adobe and apple .
'' black and gold '' was made available as a digital download ( via the apple itunes store ) on 23 march 2008 as the lead single from sam sparro .
with the launch of the iphone 3gs on june 19 , 2009 , itunes at home activation was available for people purchasing their iphone from at & t mobility and apple .
steve jobs ( 1955 -- 2011 ) is shown here holding the first generation apple ipad .
this follows in the footsteps of the precedent set by apple 's proprietary xcode suite , which relies on open source components such as gcc and gdb .
also , the symbol is known as saint john 's arms or saint hannes cross , related to swedish sankthanskors and finnish hannunvaakuna , as gorgon loop , and as command key symbol due to its use on the command key on apple computer keyboard .
in 1998 , earthlink entered partnerships with sprint , apple , compusa , and other companies that helped it reach 1 million members by the end of the year .
depending on the student 's major , a student will receive either an apple macbook pro or a lenovo thinkpad to work with .
) violet lathyrus tuberosus violet wild cress -- nasturtium officinalis '' biolair '' bitter vetch -- lathyrus tuberosus -- cairmeal bilberries fixed with alum yellow -- buidhe achlasan chaluim cille rhubarb yellow apple - tree , ash and buckthorn poplar and elm bog myrtle , roid ash roots teazle -- dipsacus fullonum -- lùs-an-fhùcadair / leadan bracken roots -- raineach mhòr cow weed tops and flowers of heather , erica , fraoch wild mignonette , reseda luteola , '' lus buidhe mòr '' , dried , reduced to powder and boiled .
several apple proprietary disk image formats can be used to create these images , including the universal disk image format ( udif ) and the new disk image format ( ndif ) .
monroeville also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , cranberries , nectarine , peach , strawberries .
nasa astronaut dave hyatt , baker 1994 , browser developer at netscape and apple tamara e. jernigan , phd 1988 , nasa astronaut howard johnson , phd 1982 , electrical engineer james a. kahle , will rice 1983 , ibm fellow and chief architect of the power4 and cell microprocessors james e. gunn , baker 1961 , astronomer at princeton university , 2009 recipient of the national medal of science larry lake , phd 1973 , petroleum engineer and member of the national academy of engineering george whitelaw mackey , 1938 , mathematician jack morava , 1968 , mathematician john morgan , 1968 , mathematician james h. newman , 1982 and 1984 , nasa astronaut john d. olivas , phd 1996 , nasa astronaut steven schafersman , 1983 phd in geology , president of texas citizens for science dennis sullivan , 1963 ba in mathematics .
following this , the lumia 920 would frequently be listed among the '' elite '' group smartphone during its time , otherwise populated by heavyweights from apple and samsung .
it is commonly found in the crowns of broad-leaved trees , particularly apple , lime ( linden ) , hawthorn and poplar .
in april 2010 , the site was the 28th most visited site in the world according to alexa 's internet rankings and in august 2010 , the site was the 27th most visited site drawing more traffic than the websites of aol , bbc , flickr , craigslist , apple , cnn , linkedin , adobe , cnet , espn and several other heavy hitters .
some programs bundled with popular operating system which support png include microsoft 's paint and apple 's iphoto and preview , with the gimp also often being bundled with popular linux distributions .
some variations of this dish include a layer of fresh grated apple and some do n't .
fire blight of pome fruits , caused by the bacterium erwinia amylovora ( burrill ) winslow et al . , is the most severe disease of pear and also is found in apple and raspberry , among others .
randy rettberg , an engineer who has worked for technology companies including apple , sun and bbn , is the director of the igem competition .
bohrer played the role of the '' counselor '' in apple 's '' get a mac '' ad campaign .
symbolic foods rosh hashanah meals usually include apple and honey , to symbolize a sweet new year .
in mac os x 10.0 , the nextstep format was deprecated , and a new xml format was introduced , with a public dtd defined by apple .
proxi is similar to other mac os x applications such as quicksilver , butler , and apple 's own automator .
in food it can be isolated from tea , capers ( 135 mg/100g ) , kale ( 26 mg/100g ) , dill ( 13 mg/100g ) , broccoli ( 6 mg/100g ) , witch-hazel , grapefruit , cabbage , beans , endive , leek , tomato , strawberries , grapes , brussels sprout , apple , and other plant sources .
this makes the denser hardwoods such as oak , cherry , and apple more suited for camp fires , cooking fires , and smoking meat as they tend to burn hotter and longer than softwoods such as pine or cedar .
in march 2007 , the caldav specification was finished and published by the ietf as rfc 4791 , authored by cyrus daboo ( apple ) , bernard desruissaux ( oracle ) , and lisa dusseault ( commercenet ) .
also loaded aboard the boxcar were barrel of apple , blocks of ice cut from frozen ponds , granite from quarries , and tins of corn packed at a canning factory .
industry response when surface was first announced , critics noted that the device represented a significant departure for microsoft , as the company had previously relied exclusively on third-party oems to produce devices running windows , and began shifting towards a first-party hardware model with similarities to that of apple .
it consists of two hollow parts : a handle and a top , the so-called apple .
in this case , the ftc found google liable for misrepresenting '' privacy assurances to users of apple 's safari internet browser '' .
origins the clafoutis comes from the limousin region of france , and while black cherries are traditional , there are numerous variations using other fruits , including red cherries , plum , prune , apple , pear , cranberries or blackberries .
promotional singles prior to the release of the album , three promotional singles were released exclusively on apple 's itunes store .
apple has proposed and implemented a closure syntax for c that solves the upwards funarg problem by dynamically moving closures from the stack to the heap as necessary .
crop-specific symptoms include : ; apple : ' bitter pit ' -- fruit skins develop pits , brown spots appear on skin and/or in flesh and taste of those areas is bitter .
his business suffered badly when the codling moth appeared in the state , devastating the apple crop .
nicola is the trade name of the apple cultivar spa440 , a cross between the apples ` splendour ' and ` gala ' made at the pacific agri-food research centre ( parc ) , summerland , bc .
it was also played live at the steve jobs memorial/celebration-of-life event at apple headquarters on 19 october 2011 in cupertino , california , and at the opening of the mtv european music awards in belfast , northern ireland on 6 november 2011 .
for example , among other goods an apple is a tangible object , while news belongs to an intangible class of goods and can be perceived only by means of an instrument such as print , broadcast or computer .
also new ( but available for the original model via software update ) was the ability to connect to and share america online 's dial-up service -- a feature unique to apple base stations .
hyperedit is an application for apple 's mac os x developed by jonathan deutsch .
the fruit is a reddish-purple pome , resembling a small apple in shape .
handheld devices in september 2009 , hastings expressed his desire to expand his company 's video-streaming service to apple 's iphone and ipod touch mobile devices , once the xbox 360 exclusivity deal expired .
the server is now compatible with apple 's airplay and time machine technologies ( firmware 1.1.0 , august 2011 ) .
the 970 family was created through a collaboration between ibm and apple .
this prompt is used on sun , apple , and other computers with the forth-based open firmware ( openboot ) .
implementations amd amd64 and direct connect architecture based cpus sibyte mips cpus from broadcom pmc-sierra rm9000x2 mips cpu raza thread processors loongson -3 mips processor ht tunnel from opencores project ( mpl licence ) ati radeon xpress 200 for amd processor nvidia nforce chipsets nforce professional mcps ( media and communication processor ) nforce 4 series nforce 500 series nforce 600 series nforce 700 series serverworks ( now broadcom ) hypertransport systemi/o controllers ht-2000 ht-2100 the ibm cpc925 and cpc945 powerpc 970 northbridges , as co-designed and used by apple in the power mac g5 several open source cores from the hypertransport center of excellence cisco quantumflow processors frequency specifications amd athlon 64 , athlon 64 fx , athlon 64 x2 , athlon x2 , athlon ii , phenom , phenom ii , sempron , turion series and later use one 16-bit hypertransport link .
hyperlinks in other document technologies hyperlinks are used in the gopher protocol , text editor , pdf documents , help systems such as windows help , word processing documents , spreadsheets , apple 's hypercard and many other places .
career he started his career at apple .
filmed in stop motion , the clip featured the band playing their song as pieces of fruit , with screech portrayed by an apple ; stolfutz , a pear ; north , a banana ; macpherty , a peach ; lordenshire , a bunch of grapes ; and beers , a mango .
when apple added podcatching to its itunes software in june 2005 , it almost immediately became the most popular client .
the society is part of a world wide network which is conserving antique apple varieties and protecting them from extinction .
later the term has also been used to refer to perceptions of his keynote speeches ( or '' stevenote '' ) by observers and devoted users of apple computers and products .
after apple had secured another injunction against samsung tablet computers in germany , samsung had to pull the tab 7.7 from their booth including everything related like posters only one day after the first presentation .
as with the rest of kala , m.i.a. and co-composer switch relied heavily on logic pro , a digital audio workstation produced by apple , and were able to capture vocals and background sounds outside the traditional studio environment , using a microphone and a macbook pro . consisting of urumee drum percussion , trumpets , tambourine , electronic scratches and synths , the song 's instrumentation also consists of repetitive pumped-up synthesizer and 4/4 beats .
the city is currently a regional commercial center and the largest producer of apple in japan .
over 100 best buy express zoomshops have rolled out into airports and malls across the u.s. carrying products from apple and many other electronics brands .
the back cover states : '' magical characters and strange devices -- a swedish genie , a young african girl for whom the sun means disaster , an apple which rolls across a silver dish to reveal the whole world -- wait to be discovered in this collection of folk and fairy tales from many lands .
steve wozniak , co-founder of apple , kevin mitnick , akira yamaoka , ben hammersley and wikimedia foundation 's head of business partnerships kul wadhwa spoke at the event .
ferraro created far side virtual with the apple audio software garageband , which brought out the '' cheap digital sound '' he desired , and called it a '' ( r ) ubbery plastic symphony for global warming , dedicated to the great pacific garbage patch .
according to the food and agriculture organisation ( fao ) , iran ranks amongst the top 7 countries in producing 22 important agricultural products : it ranks first in pistachio production , second in date production and fourth in apple production worldwide .
vim is included with almost every linux distribution ( and is also shipped with every copy of apple os x ) .
the first meeting of the group had 15 people at it and within a year , the group had grown to a couple thousand apple computer fans .
in july 2012 , greenbytes acquired the zevo zfs technology for mac , developed by former apple engineer don brady , who then joined the greenbytes ' team .
he won the 2009 presidents award for research at the hong kong polytechnic university awards sizechina won four major international design awards in 2008 : idea/businessweek gold medal - research category , idea/businessweek - best in show ( co-winner with apple iphone ) , fortune magazine ( china ) - china 's most successful design award , design for asia award - grand prize .
lillian vernon re-established itself post-bankruptcy , expanding its internet presence through facebook and apple 's itunes marketplace .
surviving correspondence mentions the moving of thousands of young fruit trees , quince , almond , apple and medlar .
this case uses magnets , similar to apple 's smart cover .
he also developed a friendship with apple 's steve jobs and produced the black turtlenecks which would become a part of jobs ' signature attire .
its wines are made from a variety of fruits including : ; grape wines baco noir cabernet franc cabernet sauvignon catawba chambourcin , chardonnay colombard concord de chaunac landot noir merlot muscat blanc niagara noah petit verdot pinot gris pinot noir riesling rkatsiteli sangiovese seyval blanc syrah vidal blanc villard blanc villard noir ; non-grape wines almond apple blackberry blueberry cherry cranberry pomegranate raspberry tomasello was a participant at the judgment of princeton , a wine tasting organized by the american association of wine economists that compared new jersey wines to premium french vintages .
economy most people are farmers , among the crops are apple and pear , as well as maize and wheat .
ovi was a move into the world of internet services , where nokia faced competition with microsoft , google and apple .
later desktop computers built by apple and ibm would also offer a simpler and more popular architecture to run lisp applications on .
this other ingredient may vary ; examples include chocolate ; chocolate-flavoured dough ; a combination of chocolate and cinnamon ; and a combination of cinnamon , apple , and coconut .
these three competing products by avid , adobe , and apple are the foremost nles , often referred to as the a-team .
the hp eprint apps are free and include versions for apple iphones and android devices .
mobile apps nickelodeon released a free mobile app for smartphone and tablet computer operating on the apple and android platforms in february 2013 .
the fertile flatlands southeast of the town of krško along the banks of the sava , known as the krško-brežice plain ( krško - brežiško polje ) , are used for vineyards as well as apple , pear , peach , apricot , and plum orchards .
the garden contains eleven botanical and horticultural collections : annual/perennial garden - annuals and perennials dahlia garden ( 1987 ) - dahlia groundcover collection - bugleflower , euonymus , hypericum , ivy , juniper , liriope , ophiopogon , thrift , vinca , etc. heritage garden - plants of historic and social interest to georgia , including apple , pear , and peach , cotton , peanut , and tobacco .
on an apple macintosh , the diameter symbol can be entered via the character palette ( this is opened by pressing in most applications ) , where it can be found in the technical symbols category .
tomatoes , pumpkin and some fruits such as quince , apple or melon are also used to make dolma in turkish cuisine .
this version incorporated changes from apple and made the licence less specific to openwatcom .
an application for apple 's ios ( ios 4.3 or later ) operating system and either the ipad ( 1st generation or later ) , iphone ( 3gs or later ) and ipod touch ( 3rd generation or later ) , was launched on 22 december 2011 .
in early 2009 , the non-profit technology consortium khronos group started the webgl working group , with initial participation from apple , google , mozilla , opera , and others .
this information is collected from all around the internet , such as by popular services like facebook , google , apple , spotify or gps systems .
server monitor is apple 's ipmi - based tool for communicating with a remote baseboard management controller ( bmc ) that implements their lights-out management ( lom ) system .
many plants which do well at winnipeg ( where constant cold maintains dormancy all winter ) are difficult to grow in the alberta chinook belt ; examples include basswood , some apple , raspberry and saskatoon varieties , and amur maple .
fruit crops grown in vineland include cherries , peach , apple , strawberries and pear .
during this period , crops of apple , pear and alfalfa became plentiful .
'' apple : '' we have never heard of prism .
žemlovka ( moravian dialect : zemlbába ) is a sweet dish made of apple and rohlík or veka which are soaked by sweet milk .
the area was spotted with apple orchard throughout much of the 1800s .
for many people who visit farms , especially children , the visit marks the first time they see the source of their food , be it a dairy cow , an ear of corn growing in a field , or an apple they can pick right off a tree .
finally , arkansas 's cuisine is integral to her culture with such foods as barbecue , traditional country cooking , fried catfish and chicken , wild duck , rice , purple hull peas , okra , apple , tomato and grits being part of the people of arkansas 's diet and economy .
nat port mapping protocol ( nat-pmp ) is an internet engineering task force rfc , introduced in 2005 by apple as an alternative to the more common iso standard internet gateway device ( igd ) standardized device control protocol implemented in many network address translation ( nat ) router .
examples apple 's itunes has been accused of being bloated as part of its efforts to turn it from a program that plays media to an e-commerce and advertising platform , with former pc world editor ed bott accusing the company of hypocrisy in its advertising attacks on windows for similar practices .
distribution in plants procyanidins , including the lesser bioactive / bioavailable polymers ( 4 or more catechines ) represent a group of condensed flavan-3-ols that can be found in many plants , most notably apple , maritime pine bark , cinnamon , aronia fruit , cocoa bean , grape seed , grape skin , and red wine of vitis vinifera ( the common grape ) .
in culture waldorf salad the classic waldorf salad the waldorf salad -- a salad made with apple , walnut , celery , grapes , and mayonnaise or a mayonnaise-based dressing -- was first created in 1896 at the waldorf in new york city .
nokia 's expansion into the netbook market is contrary to computer maker apple 's 2007 expansion into the phone market with their iphone .
operators such as at & t mobility can not offer their traditional services ( such as downloads of wallpapers , ringtones , games , applications , etc. ) as apple controls the total iphone user experience .
he used acacia grove as a base for agricultural experiments , importing a wide variety of plants , especially apple varieties which he shared freely with area growers .
by greco-roman times popular food plants of today , including grape , apple , fig , and olive , were being listed as named varieties in early manuscripts .
nico-n ingredients include chinese quince , dried orange peel , mulberry leaf , green tea , ginkgo nut , liquorice root , apple , platycodon , lemon , celery and chinese matrimony vine .
in the past , m. sylvestris was thought to be an important ancestor of the cultivated apple ( m. domestica ) , but these have now been shown to have been originally derived from the central asian species m. sieversii .
crops include apple , pear , strawberries , grape for wine .
united states corporations that fall into the category of '' big business '' include exxonmobil , wal-mart , google , microsoft , apple , general electric , general motors , citigroup , goldman sachs and jpmorgan chase .
during this time , john traveled to silicon valley and gave a demonstration of the program to engineers at apple and russell brown , art director at adobe .
malic acid is typically associated with the taste of green apple while lactic acid is richer and more buttery tasting .
he later turned to apple farming .
in the original , an apple obscures the face .
on june 11 , 2012 , apple announced new macbook air and macbook pro with usb 3.0 .
in addition , a number of max-like programs share the same concept of visual programming in real time -- such as quartz composer ( by apple ) and vvvv , which both focus on realtime video synthesis and processing .
more than sixty corporations and foundations , including coca-cola , wendy's , kraft foods , mcdonald's , amazon.com , coca-cola , general electric , apple , procter & gamble , walmart , the bill & melinda gates foundation , and the medical insurance group blue cross and blue shield dropped support of alec in the ensuing weeks or let their memberships lapse .
in 2004 , microsoft created an msn music download store to compete with apple 's itunes music store , though its sales in comparison were negligible .
the initial popularity of the apple iphone was eventually matched by the google android os , while older platforms such as the research in motion blackberry maintained a significant , albeit shrinking , market share .
in the 2006-2007 school year , each student received an apple laptop computer for use at school and home ; these laptops are used on a daily basis in breck middle and upper school classrooms , and to a lesser degree in fourth-grade classrooms .
powerbox systems have been implemented in apple mac os x lion .
disney and apple are not members .
several economically important products come from the rosaceae , including many edible fruits ( such as apple , pear , quince , apricot , plum , cherries , peach , raspberries , loquat , and strawberries ) , almond , and ornamental trees and shrubs ( such as rose , meadowsweet , photinia , firethorn , rowan , and hawthorn ) .
there are also estonian fruit wines made of apple or different berries .
icc profile specification version membership the eight founding members of the icc were adobe , agfa , apple , kodak , microsoft , silicon graphics , sun microsystems , and taligent .
the power mac g4 ( originally power macintosh g4 ) is a series of personal computer that was designed , manufactured , and sold by apple between 1999 and 2004 .
her programs for german public radio ( in german ) include pieces about the queen of sheba , morgan le fay , zora neale hurston , the mapuche people of patagonia , and the cultural histories of sheep , dragon and the apple , respectively .
lyon has worked at a number of silicon valley companies , including stanford telecommunications , xerox , schlumberger , apple , foveon , and google .
product red is a brand that is licensed to partner companies , such as american express , apple , converse , motorola , microsoft , dell , the gap and giorgio armani .
history since apple release more and more macs with ssd by default , like the macbook air , it makes sense for mac users to seek ways to optimize the way they use disk space .
current status as of march 2013 , the only active tenants of the downtown proper ( apart from target and macy 's ) are apple and nokia , which have occupied office space along mathilda ave. the remaining retail and entertainment space is still under construction , and the residential units are unfinished .
william s. '' bill '' kincaid ( born march 10 , 1956 ) is an american computer engineer and entrepreneur notable for creating the mp3 player soundjam mp with jeff robbin that was eventually bought by apple and renamed itunes .
the game is also being developed for apple macintosh computers .
the following january brought the design to the 17-inch model , along with the built-in battery that joined the rest of the macbook pro line in june , including the 13-inch model which apple absorbed into the macbook pro line .
the king byerd is a cornish cultivar of apple .
several varieties are available , including homestyle , blueberry , strawberry , apple cinnamon , buttermilk , and chocolate chip .
this encouraged large brands such as coors , at&t , ford , mcdonald's , nike , adidas and apple to advertise within the collective .
android and apple smartphones and tablet computers may be used as remote controls for google tv .
the bindings to apple libraries are absent , but the environment can interface with dynamic libraries .
the school has recently announced the shift to apple products for the 2014-2015 school year .
in december 2005 , good previewed a demo called '' black helicopter '' , which he recorded at home using garageband on an apple power mac g5 .
on august 24 , 2012 , nine american jurors ruled that samsung had to pay apple $ 1.05 billion in damages for violating six of its patents on smartphone technology .
this service is only open to users in england and is not compatible with apple iphone handsets .
the ecosystem of devices and network elements is yet to be developed another existing challenge is the advancement of its own ecosystem , which in turn depends on equipment vendors : terminal devices manufacturers ( htc , apple , samsung , nokia , etc. ) , producers of parts of terminals ( such as qualcomm ) and vendors that manufacture network elements ( ericsson , nokia siemens networks , alcatel-lucent , huawei , etc. ) .
after lead developer jeremy andrus left for a job on the darwin kernel at apple , the project has been headed by jason nieh .
other industries included gristmill , blacksmith shops , a tannery , a pants factory and shoe shop , a cider mill and cannery for apple , a barrel factory , a shingle mill and a woolen carding mill .
computer-based dvd ( digital versatile disk ) drives dvd recorder drives have become standard equipment in many , though not all , computer systems currently on the market , after being initially popularized by the pioneer / apple superdrive ; aftermarket drives as of early 2007 can cost as little as $ 23 .
9rules is currently made up of over 30 communities divided by topics such as gaming , apple , web design and web 2.0 .
in 2007 , asus , dell , and apple introduced led backlights into some of their notebook models .
brief sales ban on 29 june 2012 , apple was granted a request for a pre-trial injunction against the import and sale to the u.s. of galaxy nexus by samsung .
a variation on the garamond typeface was adopted by apple in 1984 upon the release of the macintosh .
matas left delicious monster in 2005 to work for apple , but left the company in july 2009 to found push pop press .
a novelization of the story is available as an e-book from both apple 's ibookstore service and amazon 's kindle store .
the entrepreneurs featured in something ventured are gordon moore ( co-founder of intel ) , jimmy treybig ( founder of tandem ) , nolan bushnell ( founder of atari ) , dr. herbert boyer ( co-founder of genentech ) , mike markkula ( second president/ceo of apple ) , sandy lerner ( co-founder of cisco ) , john morgridge ( early ceo of cisco ) , and robert campbell ( founder of what would become powerpoint ) .
these include apple , oranges , plum , banana , etc. .
eriogynia eriolobus erythrocoma exochorda f fallugia farinopsis filipendula fragaria g geum gillenia h hagenia hesperomeles heteromeles holodiscus horkelia horkeliella hulthemia ( synonym of rosa ) × hulthemosa ( hulthemia × rosa ) i ivesia k kageneckia kerria l lachemilla laurocerasus leucosidea lindleya luetkea lyonothamnus m maddenia malacomeles ×malosorbus malus an apple , species malus sylvestris domestica .
design much of the 7400 design was done by motorola in close co-operation with apple and ibm .
this included apple , grape , maple and vinegar products that were sold to the public in a store in south amherst .
was a magazine for owners of apple 's ios devices ( iphone , ipad and ipod touch ) , published by future plc .
proview holds the '' ipad '' trademark for china and has sued apple for us$ 1.6 billion in damages .
comparison table third-party firmwares with ipv6 support consumer routers with 6to4 support apple 's airport extreme & airport express base station various buffalo technology wireless routers d-link dir-615 , dir-655 rev. b , dir-825 ( v2 firmware ; currently available for the dir-825 rev. b only !
main branch of economy is agriculture , is growing cereals ( barley , wheat , oats ) , vegetables , tobacco , sunflower and permanent crops : orchards ( apple , cherry , hair ) and vine .
the selectric composer was accorded respect and affection among small publishers , unrivaled until the appearance of the apple macintosh , laser printer , and desktop publishing software .
the sandow is an apple cultivar that 's an '' open-pollinated seedling of northern spy '' that was created in 1912 .
appearance at shows recently , the companies or software products first given this nickname have set up a website and regularly schedule parties or meetups to coincide with events organised by apple such as macworld conference & expo or wwdc .
common rust fungi in agriculture puccinia sorghi causes common rust in corn gymnosporangium juniperi-virginianae ( cedar-apple rust ) ; the juniperus virginiana is the primary ( telial ) host and the apple , pear or hawthorn is the secondary ( aecial ) host .
maple , alder , and fruit woods such as apple , pear , and cherry impart a milder , sweeter taste .
on her right is a dog , and in her hands a basket of apple .
today , more and more values are resting on media that are not owned by the data owner but by service provider ( e.g. google , apple , microsoft etc. ) .
'' memamps failed as both google and apple introduced software similar to that which slowe was seeking to develop .
antonovka apples antonovka or antonówka is a group of late-fall or early-winter apple cultivar with a strong acid flavor that have been popular in russia ( soviet union and the russian empire ) as well as in poland .
airheads pops are lollipop available in apple , blue raspberry , strawberry , cherry , watermelon , grape , strawberry kiwi and berry .
for example , when apple introduced the ipad , it took sales away from the original macintosh , but ultimately led to an expanded market for consumer computing hardware .
part three : later the same day , the crew is setting up for a dream sequence in which nicole , as ellen , stands still while a dwarf walks around her holding an apple .
it will have a2dp stereo streaming technologies , bluetooth hands-free telephone , usb hookups , and an input for an apple ipod or iphone .
economy the province is characterized by a thriving agriculture , particularly the cultivation of wheat , maize , rice and sugar beet as well as grape , apple , pear , peach , tomato and vegetable .
the single was available at high-street stores hmv , apple itunes and amazon .
after college , cirne held senior technical positions at apple and hummingbird communications .
as a result of a lawsuit by apple , gem was forced to remove the stacking capabilities .
forest were replanted after the war with spruce , pine , cedar , siberian larch , oak , norway maple , elm , america , ash , apple tree , mountain ash and other species .
it also contains : a recipe entitled '' of apple with black skin and white flesh : to fill the stomach with greed unto death '' .
in peru it is drunk warm , and apple , guanábana and quince is used instead of lulo .
later that same year he was again criticised in the daily telegraph for a report on apple 's iphone for bbc midlands today .
he also played norvo tigan , the brother of nicole de boer 's character of ezri dax , in the episode , '' '' ; '' psychic-guy '' patient mr. duff in the grey 's anatomy episode , '' save me '' ; the driver in the 2001 vw jetta ad , '' big day '' ; and the groom in the apple idvd ad , '' elope '' .
the bump app debuted in the apple ios app store in march 2009 and was '' one of the apps that helped to define the iphone '' ( harry mccracken , technologizer ) .
core storage is a volume manager for os x that was introduced by apple to os x lion .
as of february 20 , 2012 mobile version of aceproject is made available in apple 's app store .
t-mobile usa launched in 2010 an ad campaign for the t-mobile 4g product , which features model/actress carly foulkes as a 4g phone going up against apple 's iphone 4 which at the time was exclusively on competitor at & t mobility .
ios devices an application for apple 's ios ( ios 4.3 or later ) operating system and either the ipad ( 1st generation or later ) , iphone ( 3gs or later ) and ipod touch ( 3rd generation or later ) , was launched on 1 july 2011 .
it also supported apple 's game sprockets .
resources the part of the county in the annapolis valley comprises the agricultural heartland of the province and contains over 600 farm ; the area produces fruit crops , primarily apple .
the ralls genet , sometimes spelled ralls janet or rawls jennet , is a cultivar of apple which originated in virginia in the late 18th century .
defectivebydesign.org proclaimed october 3 , 2006 to be a '' day against drm '' , and organized several events outside key apple stores in the us and the uk .
clients include adidas , american express , anheuser-busch , apple , burger king , coca cola , dos equis , estee lauder inc . , ford motor company , general electric , general motors , google , grey goose , honda , ibm , intel , johnson & johnson , levi’s , microsoft , nike , porsche , procter & gamble , sony , toyota motor corporation , unilever , and visa .
nichicon received particular infamy because of their use by major computer manufacturers including dell , hewlett-packard , and apple .
the yakima valley produces many fruit crops , including apple , peach , pear , cherries , and melon .
implementations ; accelerate : apple 's framework for mac os x and ios , which includes tuned versions of blas and lapack .
my little pony : twilight sparkle , teacher for a day ( 2011 ) is a puzzle / storybook game developed by ruckus media , published by hasbro , and released for ios devices on apple 's app store .
grainge has been influential in universal music group 's international digital expansion by pioneering distribution models with a wide range of technology partners , including apple , spotify , bskyb , rdio , virgin media , vodafone and 19 entertainment .
pear , apple , apricot , quince , plum , nectarine , cherries , mulberries , and peach were commonly seen in the 20th century .
it was originally developed for the apple macintosh and released in 1986 .
apple used the song in an advertisement for their 6th generation ipod nano .
the hickory area is additionally marketed as a data-center corridor and is home to large data-centers operated by apple and google .
as a prominent writer on apple - and mac - related topics , kahney was once theorized ( incorrectly ) to be the identity of fake steve jobs .
the jellies are manufactured in circular , half-moon , teardrop and diamond shapes and are flavored lemon , apple , strawberry , orange , blackcurrant and pear .
reports indicated that the device was to have a focus on unique functionality in an effort to compete against apple and fellow android vendor samsung , and that the company had experimented with curved screens and ceramics as possible hardware aspects .
as of april 2011 , enlace is one of nine channels that are featured with live real-time webcasts on the tbn mobile app , developed by trinet internet solutions , inc. , and available for free on itunes for the apple ipad , iphone and ipod touch .
john calhoun mentioned that he 'd like to create a successor to glider pro that went back to the roots of glider ( for example , by having fewer objects and all-indoor houses ) but that it would have to wait until he 's done with his work at apple .
tufahije ( singular : tufahija ) is a bosnian dessert made of walnut - stuffed apple stewed in water with sugar , very popular in bosnia and herzegovina , croatia , macedonia and serbia .
its name comes from the fact that the central dialogue is that of aristotle , who lectures about immortality as he is dying , periodically revived and energized by smelling an apple .
juniper later focused solely on credit cards , offering cards with partners such as us airways , the harvard alumni association , barnes & noble , and apple , among others .
the iwaki river is the longest river in aomori prefecture , and is the source of irrigation for the large-scale rice and apple production of the prefecture .
easter breakfast a typical easter breakfast often consists of cold-cuts served with horseradish sauce and beet salads , breads , bigos , żurek , kiełbasa , smoked salmon or herring , marinated vegetable salads , easter salad ( chopped boiled eggs , green peas , cwikła , carrot , apple , potato , parsley and mayonnaise ) coffee , tea and cakes , i.e. chocolate cake , makowiec , mazurek , sernik , etc. regional cuisine poland has a number of unique regional cuisines with regional differences in preparations and ingredients .
bob mansfield is a hardware engineer working at apple .
os x apple 's os x is a unix 03 registered product , first becoming registered with mac os x v10.5 '' leopard '' on october 26 , 2007 ( when run on intel processors ) .
wagonhouse also makes fruit wine from almond , apple , blueberries , cranberries , mango , peach , pomegranate , and strawberries .
washington roussanne is often blended with viognier and is characterized by its fruit salad profile of notes that range from apple , lime , peach and citrus to cream and honey .
similar drinks of other countries in bulgaria , pelin ( пелин ) is a type of wine with up to 34 herbs and some fruits added , including wormwood , st john 's wort , apple and quince .
fragments of other tree species including holly , willow , poplar , dogwood , ivy , birch , and apple have also been found .
smartphones wind mobile offers various smartphone using various platforms : android : htc one and one s ; various huawei including the huawei ascend p1 and huawei sonic ; lg google nexus 5 , lg g2 , lg optimus 4x hd and l9 ; motorola razr v ; various samsung galaxy including the note ii , note 3 and the s4 ; sony xperia ion blackberry 10 : blackberry z10 , blackberry q5 and blackberry q10 blackberry os : curve 9360 and bold 9900 windows phone 8 : htc windows phone 8s , huawei ascend w1 while wind does not sell ios phones , the t-mobile us versions of the iphone 5 , 5s , 5c ( sold unlocked by t-mobile or apple ) are compatible with wind 's network and wind offers the necessary nano-sim card to use the devices .
it was arguably the altair computer that spawned the development of apple , as well as microsoft which produced and sold the altair basic programming language interpreter , microsoft 's first product .
liberty is a hybrid apple cultivar developed by the new york state agricultural experiment station .
tomato , okra , garlic , bean , apple , pear , grape are also grown for the villages own consumption .
habitat the species feed on trees such as : alder ash beech birch blackthorn clematis mayweed tuft mistletoe oak poplar sallow sycamore sea-buckthorn willow they also feed on fruits such as apple , bramble , horse chestnut , lime , plum , sweet chestnut .
career daines was involved in the development of captan and phaltan , fungicide used to protect apple crops .
pruno , or prison wine , is an alcohol beverage variously made from apple , orange , fruit cocktail , candy , ketchup , sugar , milk , and possibly other ingredients , including crumbled bread .
through its website , sipgate provides a software application , entitled sipgate , that may be installed on the apple iphone .
the long grove area is now known for its historic downtown , its exclusive million dollar homes and the annual chocolate , strawberry and apple festivals that take place in may , june and october , respectively .
11 ) states that it was cut twice , and afterwards was good keep for sheep , and berossus remarked that wheat , sesame , barley , ophrys , palm , apple and many kinds of shelled fruit grew wild , as wheat still does in the neighborhood of anah .
among the ingredients used are plum or pear syrup , dried pears , plums or cherries , apple vinegar and honey .
apple used a number of c t controllers in their powerbook line .
organizations such as at&t , coca-cola , starbucks , apple , and harley-davidson all participate in marketing development and distribution of their marketing concepts .
the apple slogan '' think different '' has been widely taken as a response to ibm 's think .
apple has come under some criticism for not supporting the older .
nearly half of the dried fruits sold are raisin , followed by dates , prune , fig , apricot , peach , apple and pear .
the man 's face is largely obscured by a hover green apple .
somrtimescalled ' apple 's sparkling wine ' .
the term dolma describes any vegetable or fruit stuffed with rice or a rice-and meat mixture : grape vine leaves , cabbage leaves , spinach , eggplant , sweet pepper , tomatoes , even apple and quince .
wine writers joe bastianich and david lynch describe bombino bianco as tending to produce light-bodied wines with soft fruit flavors that can have notes of wild flowers and apple .
despite qcf design 's request that farraro not release the game , league of epic heroes was released in the apple app store on november 23 , 2010 .
another prominent proponent of the voucher system was apple co-founder and ceo , steve jobs , who said : some proponents of school vouchers , including the sutherland institute and many supporters of the utah voucher effort , see it as a remedy for the negative cultural impact caused by under-performing public schools , which falls disproportionately on demographic minorities .
as of june 2012 , flavors available in the uk include strawberry , original and apple ( in april 2012 the original flavor returned , with packs proclaiming '' chunkier and bubblier ) '' .
they publish games for formats including pc , mac , interactive - dvd , nintendo ds and wii , sony psp and apple iphone .
development although it was once a leading manufacturer of smartphones in terms of market share , htc has recently struggled in the wake of other vendors such as samsung and apple , due particularly to their wider marketing reach .
in february 1999 , dvcreators.net was contacted by apple to help launch their professional video application division .
this integrated unit resembled the original mac series , albeit redesigned to apple 's '' neoclassical '' design language of the era .
at the same time , nut , apple , mulberries , corn and clover became sources of revenue .
adam nash previously worked for linkedin , ebay and apple .
in 2009 , apple rejected a proposal for a nine inch nails iphone application , citing objectionable content in the downward spiral .
the granite belt is known for its spectacular flowers , and produces virtually all of queensland 's $ 40 million apple crop from one million trees grown by 55 orchardists .
archy in large part builds on raskin 's earlier work with the apple macintosh , canon cat , swyftware , and ken perlin 's pad zui system .
adjustable with a sliding interface 24 years before apple ` s iphone file : jochen claussen-finks red fiberglass armchair 1971 .
the original bubble-gum flavor was discontinued for many years in the united kingdom , with only apple , strawberry , and cola flavors available .
land use manasbal lake important vegetation in the catchment of the lake comprise orchards ( apple , mulberry ) , some platanus ( chinar trees ) and salix trees .
nightly builds of webkit ( the layout engine used by apple safari and google chrome , among others ) now have support for spatial navigation .
amazing animation was a program published by claris for the apple macintosh in 1994 .
fruits fruit like pear , walnuts , apple , banana , black grapes , grapes , fig , peach , damson plum , mulberry , wild fig , lemon , apricot , cherry are found in abundance in u/c numbal .
others copied the products of some famous corporations such as apple , hyatt and starbucks .
this network reaches 98.5 % of people in australia and operates on the following frequencies : 2g ( 900 mhz ) 3g single band ( 2100 mhz ) 3g dual band ( 900 mhz & 2100 mhz ) 4g ( 1800 mhz ) 4g plus ( 2300 mhz ) products virgin mobile sell a number of telecommunications products : postpaid ( i.e. billed monthly ) mobile phone services prepaid mobile phone services postpaid ( i.e. billed monthly ) mobile broadband services prepaid mobile broadband services they offer a range of mobile phones with their plans , including products from apple , samsung , sony , htc , nokia and others .
it was established in 1975 with a purpose of conservation of natural forests composed of walnut trees ( juglans regia ) , apple trees ( malus spp ) , alycha ( prunus divaricata ) and other species .
tartu rose tartu rose ( ) is an apple cultivar from estonia .
neofabraea malicorticis is a plant pathogen that causes bull 's - eye rot on apple and pear .
'' his distinctive style is rumored to be immortalised by apple in the upcoming mac os x yosemite update by way of his own signature + l keyboard shortcut .
colonia juárez is known for its peach and apple orchards as well as cattle ranches .
the ripe fruits are tasty , reminiscent of a small apple .
the larvae feed on various trees and shrubs with a preference for rosaceous plants , particularly apple ( malus domestica ) and pear ( prunus pyrifolia ) .
it runs in black-and-white on the apple macintosh line of computers .
apple senior vice president of design jonathan ive kbe was raised in chingford .
products and services on october 19 , 2011 , c spire announced plans to sell apple 's iphone 4 and the iphone 4s on its website .
the board of directors includes representatives from eleven '' promoter '' companies : amd , american megatrends , apple , dell , hp , ibm , insyde software , intel , lenovo , microsoft , and phoenix technologies .
however , it is only compatible with apple 's ipad tablet pc .
time machine is a backup software application distributed with the apple os x computer operating system .
melon dolma along with quince or apple dolma was one of the palace 's specialties ( raw melon stuffed with minced meat , onion , rice , almonds , cooked in an oven ) .
as well as apple 's ios 5 video '' get some '' was used in a victoria 's secret commercial .
aspall cider logo aspall is a manufacturer of cider ( which is always spelled as cyder in their branding ) and other apple derived products .
chelmsford wonder is a cooking apple cultivar raised at chelmsford c1870 and introduced by local nurseryman william saltmarsh in 1892 .
2001 - nýbúinn ( skífan ) 2002 - sól að morgni ( skífan ) 2003 - 1000 kossa nótt ( skífan ) 2004 - blindsker ( skífan ) , soundtrack 2004 - tvíburinn ( skífan ) 2005 - ást ( skífan ) 2005 - í 6 skrefa fjarlægð frá paradís ( skífan ) 2005 - gleðileg jól ( tolli / bónus ) 2006 - bláir ( íslenskir tónar ) 2006 - lögin mín ( sena ) 2006 - 06.06.06 ( sena ) 2007 - góð verk 07 ( stafræn útgáfa fyrir ipod ) ( sena / apple ) , compilation release .
other devices apple 's ipad : supports aac and fairplay protected aac files used as the default encoding format in the itunes store .
they are credited with planting the first apple trees in denmark in the abbey garden .
the n95 's main competitors during its lifetime were the lg prada , apple 's iphone and the sony ericsson w950i .
in the wake of the mass shooting at a theater in aurora , colorado on july 20 , the trailer was pulled from most theaters running before films and airing on television , and removed from apple 's trailer site and youtube due to a scene in which characters shoot submachine gun at moviegoers through the screen of grauman 's chinese theatre .
the song gained popularity in the united states following its use by apple in an advertisement for their macbook air laptop .
local agriculture includes the growing of hops and cider apple and wine is made nearby at the frome valley vineyard .
it can be used to make a german style light white wine with apple and pear flavors .
xcode is an integrated development environment ( ide ) containing a suite of software development tools developed by apple for developing software for os x and ios .
it is made of puff pastry and four fillings : nut , fresh cheese , poppy seed and apple , as well as of many additional ingredient .
apple groves foster the production of the traditional alcoholic drink , a natural cider ( sidra ) .
apple a user of gcc , and a heavy user of both drm and patents decided to switch the compiler in its xcode ide from gcc to clang , another foss compiler , but which is under a permissive license .
there is an apple orchard by the walls .
many aspects of the documentary demonstrate adams ' noted enthusiasm for technology , and for apple computers in particular .
examples apple canker , caused by the fungus neonectria galligena ash bacterial canker , now understood to be caused by the bacterium pseudomonas savastanoi , rather than pseudomonas syringae .
apple and microsoft , which between them , support the iso / iec - defined formats aac and the older mp3 .
a version for apple macintosh was also released .
recently some initiatives have been started to encourage interest in such '' forgotten '' vegetables as common purslane , medlar , parsnip , and black salsify greenhouses are used to produce tomato , lettuce , cucumber , and sweet pepper fruits include apple , pear , cherries , berries , and plum the dutch keep cow both for milk and for their meat , chickens for their eggs and for meat , pig for their meat , and sheep for their wool and meat .
however , an apple floats down from the tree and seems to hover in alice 's face .
with the algorithm , bertenshaw and west developed pitch ` n time ; a plug-in for digidesign ( now avid ) pro tools and apple logic for timestretching and pitch-shifting .
similarly , a hybrid model , with a ceo who leads by example but also has a creative structure in place to encourage design thinking , can work well ; the best example is apple under steve jobs .
examples of woody perennials include maple , pine , and apple trees .
some valley oaks on the site are infested with these '' fruits , '' and on first glance appear as apple trees .
the following fruits are industrially cultivated and widely consumed : apple ( manzanas ) , banana ( guineos ) , grape ( uvas ) , orange ( chinas ) , and watermelon ( melones ) are imported , as well as some of the aforementioned cultivated fruits .
adaptations to new technology in october 2010 , random house of canada introduced the '' conversation starters '' application for apple 's iphone and ipad .
this typically included the starting of harvest with '' cherries in late june , followed by apricot and peach in july , the continuation of peaches , prune , and some varieties of pear in august , pears , apple , grape in september , and finally more grapes in october '' .
computerland retailed not only imsai 8080s , but also computers from companies including apple , north star , and cromemco .
spanish missionaries brought fruit seeds over from europe , many of which had been introduced from asia following earlier expeditions to the continent ; orange , grape , apple , peach , pear , and fig seeds were among the most prolific of the imports .
among them are founders , ceos and presidents of leading multinational corporations , including general electric , apple , hewlett-packard , comcast , ubs , jpmorgan chase , blackrock , nasdaq , moelis & company , sac capital advisors , och-ziff capital management , commerce bancorp , sysco , deutsche post , united parcel service , boeing , general dynamics , american airlines , us airways , northwest airlines , bhp billiton , johnson & johnson , medtronic , biogen idec , cisco systems , oracle corporation , philips , fuji xerox , pfizer , pepsi , loews corporation , wrigley company , h & r block , metlife , paypal , tesla motors , spacex , boston scientific , qvc , time , mcgraw-hill , first reserve corporation , cbs , j.d . power & associates , universal health services and zynga , along with many others .
this episode also served as the inspiration for the term '' reality distortion field '' to refer to apple co-founder steve jobs ' ability to convince audiences of his narrative .
in 1995 , the françois rabelais university in tours created an orchard of pear and apple trees in one part of the park .
rosh hashanah rosh hashana symbols : shofar , apple and honey , pomegranates , kiddush wine erev rosh hashanah ( eve of the first day ) : 29 elul rosh hashanah : 1 -- 2 tishrei according to oral tradition , rosh hashanah ( ראש השנה ) ( lit. , '' head of the year '' ) is the day of memorial or remembrance ( יום הזכרון , yom hazikaron ) , and the day of judgment ( יום הדין , yom hadin ) .
the end result included 2,000 apple trees and 1,000 kiwifruit plants in the ground in the villages of sermathang , ghangyul , tarkeyghang , and the ani gumba nunnery .
'' kaspersky supports the idea of internet ids for critical transactions : voting in elections , online banking , interaction with official bodies , etc. kaspersky was quoted as saying : in 2012 kaspersky commented that apple is at the point where microsoft was 10 -- 12 years previously , in terms of security .
time machine , included in apple 's mac os x v10.5 operating system , is not a snapshotting scheme but a system-level incremental backup service : it merely watches mounted volumes for changes and copies changed files periodically to a specially-designated volume using hard links .
they were based in a '' tiny basement flat '' in edith grove , kensington ; a grant from the prince 's trust paid for an apple computer on which the first edition was written .
according to stephenson , inspiration was drawn not just from the beatles , but also from the story of apple and their war with microsoft and how he thought the leaders of the two rivals would work if they were teammates .
apple , htc , and samsung said the software was installed on their phones .
the region around dalian produces three-quarters of china 's exported apple and peach .
system g is a cluster supercomputer at virginia tech consisting of 324 apple mac pro computers with a total of 2592 processing cores .
examples are : apple , nike and harley davidson .
the variety of '' fakeflash '' trojans discovered have prompted apple to update its software for the os x platform .
net , open source ( via monotouch ) core data by apple for mac os x and ios . net ado.net entity framework , included in .
anglo-american fritters in british fish and chip shops , the fish and chips can be accompanied by '' fritters '' , which means a food item , such as a slice of potato , a pineapple ring , an apple ring or chunks , or mushy peas , fried in batter .
the higher than average number of days of sunshine make ideal conditions for the growing of tomato , sunflower , tobacco , apple and other fruit .
in the 1990s and 2000s he has been mainly using daws such as apple logic , avid pro tools and steinberg nuendo as recording suites .
apple later released its own game center which replaced jujuplay .
many of the retailers in the second phase of the center are new to cardiff , and to wales , in particular john lewis , apple , hollister , and ruby tuesday .
leaf trombone : world stage is a massively multiplayer online music game for the apple ios , developed by smule and released on april 15 , 2009 through the app store .
homer regrets selling his apple stock for a bowling ball , and becomes increasingly irritated that mr. burns is gloating about buying homer 's stock with successful results .
it is unusual in that it contains three rendering engines : gecko ( used in mozilla firefox ) , webkit ( used in apple 's safari and google chrome ) , and trident ( used in microsoft internet explorer ) .
partners and resellers included apple , dell , emc , fujitsu-siemens , hp , ibm and sun .
in season , they eat acorn and apple .
spirit allows users to install software not approved by apple on their idevices .
the pastry the best-known strudels are apfelstrudel ( german for apple strudel ) and topfenstrudel ( with sweet soft quark cheese , in austrian german topfen ) , followed by the millirahmstrudel ( milk-cream strudel , milchrahmstrudel ) .
became the number 1 top grossing health & fitness app on apple 's app store ( ios ) on february 27 , 2012 .
ios ( ipad , iphone , ipod touch ) on january 19 , 2012 , namco bandai released a port of soulcalibur for apple 's ios platform .
fotopedia was launched in june 2009 by five former apple employees : jean-marie hullot , bertrand guiheneuf , manuel colom , sébastien maury and olivier gutknecht .
during the 2011 -- 12 season , the afv ios app was released on the app store , allowing users of apple mobile devices to record and upload funny videos for submission to the show .
tom shales and james andrew miller 's book , those guys have all the fun : inside the world of espn , notes that apple ceo steve jobs reportedly told espn president george bodenheimer that '' your phone is the dumbest fucking idea i have ever heard .
the larvae feed on apple , pear , cherry and plum .
fruit crops grown in lincoln include cherries , peach , apple and pear , and during the summer attract many tourists from all over ontario , particularly toronto .
other fruit : açaí berries , almond , apple , apricot , asian pear , banana , beach plum , black currants , blackberries , blueberries , cherries , cranberries , dandelion , honey ( mead ) , kiwifruit , limes , mango , nectarine , peach , pear , pineapple , plum , pomegranate , pumpkin , raspberries , strawberries , sugar plum , and watermelon .
she used her interest in fragrance to create caitlin , a cruelty-free fragrance containing gardenia , apple , sandalwood and patchouli .
ecology in the trans-ili alatau ( shymbulak valley ) the tian shan holds important forests of schrenk 's spruce ( picea schrenkiana ) at altitudes of over ; the lower slopes have unique natural forests of wild walnut and apple .
dot-matrix series laser printer series the laserwriter was a laser printer with built-in postscript interpreter introduced by apple in 1985 .
it could be found in the bark of pear ( pyrus communis ) , apple , cherry and other fruit trees ( rosaceae ) and is responsible for the petal color in dianthus caryophyllus .
the hocking 's green apple variety originated in coad 's green .
it mainly competed against windows 98 and windows 2000 by microsoft , plus mac os 9 by apple .
at first she ate a little piece of apple , then a bit of date and watered wine , then river water contaminated with salt from the tides .
in november 2000 , two weeks after apple lodged its uk trademark application for the term ` itunes ' , cohen 's company cyberbritain group registered the itunes .
this pie often also contains apple and/or rhubarb .
costard 's name is an archaic term for apple , or metaphorically a man 's head .
they released 4 singles from the album - colours ( which featured on a fifa game ) , tongue tied ( which went on to score the band a no. 1 on the us alternative chart and featured in several commercials ( including one for apple , and one for coca-cola ) and an episode of fox 's glee ) lovely cup and itchin on a photograph .
although sarin 's point has been true traditionally , as the article points out there are several new threats to that exclusivity such as traditional credit card , obopay , paypal mobile , and existing media companies like google via the android platform , yahoo via go , and apple via iphone .
2005 sponsors for the 2005 conference included google , amazon.com , apple , microsoft , cerner , palantir technologies , wolfram research and others .
the preferred plant was shown to me , it is a kind of liana with large white blossoms , with a milky sap and apple fruits .
in 2007 , apple announced that tahoma would be bundled with the next version of mac os x v10.5 ( '' leopard '' ) .
the center 's foyer area became the nurv canteen ; the set decoration for which was inspired by apple 's canteen , which the producers saw during a visit to their corporate headquarters .
in july 2007 , rumors circulated that griffin was dating apple co-founder steve wozniak .
the most important produce comprises : apple ( 50 % of national production , together with south tyrol ) and other fruit , vegetables ( mainly in the val di gresta ) and grape : important especially for its quality , the latter is used for the production of dry and sparkling wines .
a market hall was built in 1884 for the sale of cereal , chestnut , apple and nut .
in 2010 the museum began with the collection of source code of important software , beginning with apple 's macpaint 1.3 , written in a combination of assembly and pascal and available as download for the public .
in june 1999 apple also introduced a streaming media format in its quicktime 4 application .
she was featured in apple 's '' think different '' campaign .
0xdead10cc ( '' dead lock '' ) is used by apple in ios crash reports , when application holds on to a system resource while running in the background .
with 70 % of the mainframe market , it had larger revenues than apple , compaq , dec , hp , and ti combined .
the norfolk biffin ( sometimes spelt norfolk beefing ) is a local apple cultivar originating from the english county of norfolk .
they also have mobile versions of livegonzo.com for apple products , blackberry and android ; and they are broadcasting each of the live shows on iphone , ipad , ipod , blackberry and android phones .
in version 6 of easyshare software , the bonjour software component from apple is installed for remote service discovery , but serves no useful purpose for older models ; it can be removed using '' remove programs '' without impeding functionality .
'' as vice president , bernardin also shepherded the development of the mcdonald 's filet-o-fish , as well the company 's fried apple and cherry pies .
omniture collects data from apple and adobe , who use omniture to collect usage statistics across their products .
modern bakeries offer cheese and spinach , apple , sour cherries , potato , mushroom , and pizza-burek as well .
in greek mythology , the epimeliads or epimelides are nymphs who are protectors of apple trees .
career the apple hardware engineer turned wireless networking entrepreneur went out on his own in 2005 with the goal of bringing affordable internet access to the world 's emerging markets .
products the first tymbark product was the apple flavor which was the only flavor from 1936 to 1967 .
cover flow has also been implemented in other software published by apple such as itunes .
outside of the theme parks , a complete overhaul of disney store was planned in 2009 with the help of apple 's steve jobs .
many of apple 's recent iconic products were designed by sir jonathan ive .
( walsh , 1867 ) apple maggot fly , railroad worm rhagoletis ribicola .
sente works with a number of word processors , including microsoft word , pages ( apple ) , mellel , nisus writer , openoffice.org and others .
to address this need , in 2000 , bill manning and bill woodcock described the multicast domain name service which spawned the implementations by apple and microsoft .
he became a farmer in elgin county in 1935 , specializing in tobacco and apple .
applesoft basic was supplied by microsoft and its name is derived from the names of both apple and microsoft .
evolutionary history homologs homologs of toc1 have been found in lyrate rockcress , brassica , papaya , cucumber , strawberry , soybean , lotus , apple , peach , western poplar ( populus ) , castor bean , tomato , potato , grape vine , and chickpea .
while the megarray connector is physically similar to the apple power mac g4 cpu daughtercard connector , it is not electrically compatible .
software packages are downloaded directly to an ios device , to the same location as apple 's pre-installed applications , the / applications directory .
apple has used a variety of advertising campaign to promote its ipod portable digital media player .
william martens -- or '' bill '' -- invented the library 1.1 , a self producing web page system , and is one of the leading software library creators for the apple computer .
for example , jungle juice may contain everclear , rum , gin , tequila , vodka , mixed with orange , grapefruit , grape , apple , pineapple , or other juices for flavor and to stretch the quantity of alcohol .
unlike apple 's a/ux , amiga unix contained no compatibility layer to allow amigaos applications to run under unix .
compatible with wlan adaptor wu-1a to transmit images from the camera to apple ios or android smart phone or tablet computer with remote shooting control .
jpg the gynoecium of an apple contains five carpels , arranged in a five-pointed star image : carambola starfruit .
the fragrance contains scents of apple , grapefruit , white raspberry , water lily , honeysuckle , jasmine , pear , and musk , which minaj commented adds '' a bit of dimension and playfulness to the original scent '' .
it is a small plant growing up to half a meter high , bearing small , white or yellowish snapdragon-like flowers which are said to smell of apple .
the area surrounding the pavilion has many picnic tables situated in an old apple orchard and a stand of huge white pine and norway spruce trees .
it also had many large apple orchard .
coins of melos depicted a '' mēlon '' ( μήλον - apple ) .
original pickle a jar of branston pickle branston pickle is made from a variety of diced vegetables , including swede , carrot , onion , cauliflower and gherkin pickled in a sauce made from vinegar , tomato , apple and date with spices such as mustard , coriander , garlic , cinnamon , pepper , cloves , nutmeg and cayenne pepper with sugar .
edward ashdown bunyard ( 1878 -- 1939 ) was a wealthy food writer and apple enthusiast famous for the books the anatomy of dessert , a handbook of hardy fruits , and the epicure 's companion .
as the smartphone industry boomed beginning in 2007 , microsoft struggled to keep up with its rivals apple and google in providing a modern smartphone operating system .
orchard displays 238 trees of 119 pre-20th century apple varieties .
the company develops social games that work stand-alone on mobile phone platforms such as apple ios and android and on the internet through its website , zynga.com , and social networking websites such as facebook , google+ , and tencent qq .
push notifications push notifications were first introduced to smartphones by apple with the advent of the iphone in 2007 .
the mouse - like pointing device used with some graphics tablet and with digitizer hardware for cad or desktop publishing software is also called a puck , and '' hockey puck '' is a nickname for the small , round mouse included with the original apple imac .
while no agreement or settlement was made between mobigame and langdell , on october 7 , 2009 , the game was placed back onto the app store , under the title edge by mobigame , which was approved by apple .
collection all of the iconic 20th century brands are represented in the collection including coca-cola , heinz , nike , apple , cadillac , and chanel as well as thousands of lesser known brands and marketing failures .
the township 's economy is heavily agricultural , with apple and cherries two prominent crops .
cedarvale also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , nectarine , and strawberries .
0xdeadfa11 ( '' dead fall '' ) is used by apple in ios crash reports , when the user force quits an application .
industry donnybrook is the home of western australia 's apple industry .
with the shift towards application store for software distribution , particularly on mobile devices , apple , google , and microsoft maintain software kill switches which allow software to be remotely removed from devices , most prominently to guard users against security threats .
it is now hosted ( and largely developed ) by creative technology with on-going support from apple , blue ripple sound , and free software , open-source enthusiasts .
bypassing wholesalers , distributors and retailers in this way enabled the company to offer products by brands including apple , canon , nikon , samsung , motorola and more at low prices .
however peck , or bushel are sometimes used -- particularly for grape , apple and similar fruit in agricultural regions .
in 1994 , as customer anticipation increased for microsoft 's new version of windows ( codenamed '' chicago '' ) , apple announced a set of upgrades to its own system 7 operating system that were not due to be released until two years later .
the larvae feed on various trees and shrubs including oak , willow , birch , honeysuckle , sorbus , apple and pear .
integrated iris pro graphics was adopted by apple for their late-2013 15-inch macbook pro laptops ( with retina display ) , which for the first time in the history of series did not have discrete graphics , although only for the low-end model .
mouse practice was created using macromind director and released in 1992 by apple for the macintosh computer platform .
as of july 1 , 2005 , new rules established that only fermented juice from apple or pear is allowed to be called ` cider ' .
huling planted an apple orchard on what was to become known as montgomery island .
software training the school is recognized as an apple authorised training centre and holds academy status with cisco , microsoft , and oracle as a specialist training provider .
some common and familiar eudicots include members of the sunflower family such as the common dandelion , the forget-me-not , cabbage and other members of its family , apple , buttercup , maple , and macadamia .
the most frequently stocked flavor in bars is apple .
the mac nc , sometimes referred to as the macintosh nc , was a network thin client that was expected to be released by apple by april 1998 .
major brands ( such as apple , microsoft and thermos-grill2go ) have used infomercials for their ability to communicate more complicated and in-depth product stories .
the town is the center of apple production in western australia .
that same year , during the macworld 2005 keynote presentation ( which introduced the ipod with video ) steve jobs showcased tiki bar tv to the audience as an example of a video podcast ( a relatively new media format at the time ) which could be loaded to the new video ipod using apple 's itunes software .
in 2014 , word lens was featured in the apple ad for iphone 5s .
cornelian cherries , figs , pear , peach and apple sold at a market in yerevan are among a few of armenian agricultural products fertile volcanic soils allow cultivation of wheat and barley , as well as pasturage for sheep , goat , and horse .
app store apple 's app store for ios was the first app distribution service , which set the standard for app distribution services and continues to do so , opened on july 10 , 2008 , and as of january 2011 , reported over 10 billion downloads .
apple 's app store and google play still use their own internal rating systems and do not use the esrb/ctia system .
siri inc. was acquired by apple in 2010 , and siri is now an integral part of ios 5 .
prior to the release of the album , three promotional singles were released exclusively on apple 's itunes store .
a touch-oriented , tablet part of the windows 8.1 -- the apps and the whole ecosystem with the windows store in the center of it , is often criticized as a less convenient , less easy to use and offering a significantly lesser amount of quality apps , compared to more mature ecosystems of google android and apple ios mobile operating system .
iriver adopted a new marketing strategy in 2005 , attempting to grab mindshare from apple .
products bi developed products for multiple platforms , including apple , atari , commodore and ibm .
while the original flavors consisted of lime , cherry and grape , the most common flavors are cherry , grape , and a raspberry / apple combination that turns from blue when dry to green when wet with saliva or water .
arboretum trees include apple , white ash , quaking aspen , gray birch , paper birch , yellow birch , american beech , black cherry , dogwood , eastern hemlock , hop-hornbeam , red maple , sugar maple , northern red oak , white oak , and eastern white pine .
in addition to losing valuable revenue opportunities with the customer , operators are rumored to pay apple a percentage of the customer 's monthly bill as well .
infection of its host fruits , such as apple and pear takes place post-harvest .
although not commercially successful , star greatly influenced future developments , for example at apple , microsoft and sun microsystems .
production of cash crops such as apple , orange and cardamom have increased and have become profitable .
host plants host plants used by the caterpillar include cabbage , cotton , walnuts , apple , tobacco , pea , potato , clovers , and maize .
awards 2007 beverly hills film festival best animation 2007 fort lauderdale film festival audience choice award for short 2007 accolade for lucifer short 2007 silver telly award for lucifer short controversy on nov. 12 , 2009 , it was reported that apple rejected griggs ' iphone application which enabled the user to contact every us congressman or senator based on gps coordinates .
avara is a 1996 computer shooter/action game made by ambrosia software for the apple macintosh .
certain parts of apple 's mac os x operating system are based on freebsd .
the movie was pre-released in early april 2013 on apple 's itunes video store and video streaming service netflix .
gridrunner ios is an arcade style shoot 'em up video game developed by jeff minter and ivan zorzin of acclaimed independent uk software house llamasoft and published via the apple app store .
the stout larva is green with a reddish stripe and feeds on the flower of various rosaceae including apple , blackthorn , cherry , hawthorn , pear and quince .
since the company was founded in 1973 , its clients have included : microsoft , kraft , chrysler , johnson & johnson , hershey foods , the campbell soup company , apple , the navy , unilever , pepsico and nextel among others .
in hargeisa in the northwest , the preferred drinks are fiimto ( vimto ) and tufaax ( apple ) .
idared apples in a tree idared is a type of red apple cultivar from moscow , idaho , united states .
he is a graduate of st martins college of art in london , the art center college of design in switzerland , and has previously worked for ideo , porsche and apple .
the chairman of the board is arthur d. levinson of apple .
these are iconic images of the young steve jobs in the early days of apple 's success and one was chosen by walter isaacson for the cover of his biography that was released in october 2011 .
he has taught at companies that include apple , google , facebook , salesforce.com , symantec , twitter , and vmware .
they are , however , suitable for making liqueur , as well as marmalade and preserves , as they contain more pectin than apple and true quince .
origins the name is believed to derive from the obsolete west country dialect term '' scrimp '' , meaning a small or withered apple , which also gave rise to the verb '' scrump '' , meaning to steal fruit .
vigorously chewing , it is important to provide a constant and regular supply of any non-toxic materials such as non-toxic tree branches ( i.e. apple , aspen , birch , pear , pine , willow ) that has never been treated with any type of chemical products ( i.e. disinfectant , fungicide , insecticide , javel , pesticide ) the species is hardy & vigorous when acclimatized .
he was , at various times , chief scientist at next inc. and apple 's chief cryptographer .
his commercial clients include adidas , apple , corona , reef , and patagonia .
championship manager 2011 the championship manager 2011 game was an exclusive on apple mobile phones only. , as of september 2014 , it is the most recent championship manager game to have been released by eidos .
on an apple macintosh server , options include itunes , ps3 media server , and elgato .
jef raskin ( march 9 , 1943 -- february 26 , 2005 ) was an american human–computer interface expert best known for conceiving and starting the macintosh project for apple in the late 1970s .
the apple internet suite cyberdog was named after this cartoon .
ester of p - coumaryl alcohol and fatty acid are the basis of epicuticular wax covering the surfaces of apple .
data port the macintosh 128k , macintosh 512k and macintosh plus from apple used 4p4c connectors to connect the keyboard to the main computer housing .
he left after a few months and started working at the digital music center , one of the first recording studios in new york that used apple computers to sample , sequence and record .
in chile there are two main types of chicha : apple chicha produced in southern chile and grape chicha produced in central chile .
students in grades 7 -- 12 are required to have a laptop computer ( either windows or apple operating systems ) and funding is provided to support this requirement .
valenzano also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , cranberries , peach , plum , raspberries , and pumpkin , and mead from locally-produced honey .
while more famous for spreading apple seeds throughout the east , chapman was also a swedenborgian missionary and helped spread this faith among the early settlers around urbana .
q uses cocoa and other apple technologies , such as core image and core audio , to achieve its emulation .
apple targeted the nexus one in a patent lawsuit against htc , which was settled in december 2012 .
a considerable portion of new jersey wine sales are non-grape fruit wine , particularly apple , blueberry , raspberry , and cranberry wines .
early promoters of the festival intended for the event to recognize the scenic beauty of the valley and the historic background of the apple growing industry , as well as to provide an opportunity to foster and develop local cultural talent through participation in festival events .
the haralson is a cultivar of apple that is medium-sized and has a round-conic shape .
although the shakers are gone , some of their apple orchard and blueberry fields are still yielding fruit , the sale of which helps support the york county shelter .
libvirt is available on most linux distributions ; remote servers are also accessible from apple and microsoft windows clients .
the images were obtained via the online storage offered by apple 's icloud platform for automatically backing up photos from ios devices , such as iphone smartphone .
arborvitae and red cedar are the favored host trees of the evergreen bagworm , but cypress , juniper , pine , spruce , apple , birch , black locust , elm , maple , poplar , oak , sycamore , willow , and over 100 other species are also attacked .
hypertransport has also been used by ibm and apple for the power mac g5 machines , as well as a number of modern mips systems .
current abs computer technologies ( parent : newegg ) ace computers acer packard bell gateway acorn computers aigo aleutia amax information technologies aopen apple asrock asus axioo international belinea benq biostar bms technology chassis plans chip pc ciara clevo sager notebook computers concurrent technologies cray compal cooler master cyberpowerpc dell alienware wyse technology dfi digital storm elitegroup computer systems ( ecs ) evans & sutherland everex evga falcon northwest fic fleet gaming fujitsu lifebook foxconn gigabyte gradiente groupe bull hardcore computer hasee hewlett-packard ( hp ) compaq hcl hitachi htc hyundai ibm intel inventec in-win itautec igel janus jetta international kohjinsha kontron ag lanix lanner electronics lanslide gaming pcs lenovo medion lg liteon maingear maxdata mdg computers meebox mesh computers micron microsoft micro-star international ( msi ) micro center mitac motion computing motorola mountain ncomputing ncr nec olidata olivetti oracle origin pc panasonic plaisio posiflex positivo informática psychsoftpc .
rothenberg is credited as being the first journalist to report the existence of the apple ipad , writing in november , 2002 that the company was working on a '' large ipod with no keyboard .
the granny smith is a tip-bearing apple cultivar , which originated in australia in 1868 .
on the banks of rivers for irrigated land is producing apple , pear , vegetable and cereals .
at its launch , apple 's itunes store provided a section of free music videos in high quality compression to be watched via the itunes application .
epix hd ( online streaming ) in addition to lending its name to the hd simulcast television feed , epix hd is also used as the name of the network 's online on-demand service available on epix.com , the roku streaming player , microsoft xbox , sony playstation , apple ios devices , android devices and select samsung smart tv models .
the gray currawong also eats berries of introduced plants such as pyracantha angustifolia and fortuneana , and cotoneaster species , and crops such as maize , apple , pear , quince , various stone fruit of the genus prunus , grape , tomato , passion flower , and the nectar of gymea lily ( doryanthes excelsa ) .
as of 1953 , the town comprised about 300 acre of apple and peach orchards , a fruit packing warehouse , and a grocery store with a population of about 20 families living in azwell year-round .
it was later renamed '' power3 '' , probably to distinguish it from the more consumer oriented '' powerpc '' processors used by apple .
examples are orange , apple , pineapple or blood orange .
on june 28 , 2013 , virgin mobile usa released the apple iphone 5 , its second device taking advantage of sprint 's lte network .
weld was noted for numerous and prolific apple orchard .
apple 's newsstand is a popular version of this , but as they do n't allow pornographic material , specific digital newsstands for pornographic magazines exist .
nutrients and potential health effects sea-buckthorn berries are edible and nutritious , though astringent and oily , unpleasant to eat raw , unless ' bletted ' ( frost to reduce the astringency ) and/or mixed as a drink with sweeter substances such as apple or grape juice .
the apple macintosh ( 1984 ) and atari st ( 1985 ) could produce digital audio via software .
well-known members of rosales include : rose , strawberries , blackberries and raspberries , apple and pear , plum , peach and apricot , almond , rowan and hawthorn , jujube , elm , banyan , figs , mulberries , breadfruit , nettle , hops , and cannabis .
bell is the second canadian mobile carrier ( after rogers wireless ) to carry the apple iphone on november 4 , 2009 .
though jha managed to restore some of the lost luster to motorola mobility , through its last years as a division and then as an independent company , it still struggled against samsung and apple .
apple releases the ipad with an e-book app called ibooks .
strawberry peach lemon apple melon green mint peppermint tropical fruits thai fruits licorice artic cocktail mix is a range of four aromatized , vodka-based drinks .
shopcade is available to download for free on apple and android mobile devices .
basic stats publishing house : kpc media group publishing software : adobe indesign running on apple imac the communicator 's parent company is ipsn inc. features the paper , as previously mentioned , has undergone many changes since the turn of the millennium with many different editors .
the ability to add fracture effects to static mesh to simulate destructible environments soft body dynamics ( physics ) large crowd simulation in december 2009 , epic demoed ue3 running on apple 's 3rd generation ipod touch .
although the underwater audio specializes in waterproof ipod shuffles , the company is not affiliated with apple .
she was subsequently awarded a lavoisier scholarship from the french government and became animator in residence at apple 's advanced technology group , where she directed donor party , and taught at city college of san francisco , california college of arts and crafts , university of california , berkeley , san francisco art institute , and the san francisco academy of art university prior to joining mica .
ursolic acid - apple , basil , bilberries , cranberries , elder flower , peppermint , lavender , oregano , thyme , hawthorn , prune .
the most popular version of racuchy is stuffed with slices of apple and served with sugar .
commercial production of apple and hops began before the turn of the century , along with the development of boontling , the local folk language .
in 1991 -- 1992 , official versions appeared for the apple macintosh and nintendo 's nes , snes , and game boy .
in 2011 pulse was selected as one of 50 apps in apple 's app store hall of fame and named one of time 's top 50 iphone apps of the year .
varieties of slice have included lemon-lime ( replaced teem in the united states ; discontinued in 2000 with introduction of sierra mist ) , apple , fruit punch , grape , passionfruit , peach glaze , mandarin orange , pineapple , strawberry , cherry cola ( discontinued in 1988 following the introduction of wild cherry pepsi ) , '' red '' , cherry-lime , and dr slice .
its main products include apple , paulownia , tobacco , maize , cotton , and wheat .
name change in november 2009 the little app factory was forced by apple to change the name of ipodrip to remove the trademark ipod .
in 1995 , hamilton joined the two senior principals of dell inc to develop hand technologies , selling apple , microsoft and hp technology services through a community network .
among major internet technology companies and corporations , google uses '' website '' , as does apple , though microsoft uses both '' website '' and '' web site '' .
police actions hong kong declaration of non-involvement posted outside the apple - authorised computer store next to elite multimedia on 31 january 2008 , an unemployed man identified as 29-year-old chung yik-tin ( 鍾亦天 ) was arrested for allegedly uploading one image ; 12 pictures were found on his computer .
ifixit product teardown of new apple products are carried by pc world , the mac observer , and other publications .
the other was ios 4.2 , replaced with 4.2.1 due to a wi-fi bug in 4.2 beta 3 , causing apple to release 2 more golden masters ( 4.2 gm and 4.2.1 gm ) .
the larvae feed on crataegus , apple , pear and cherry .
on march 30 , 2011 , agon online announced due to the competition from openfeint , plus+ and apple game center , it would shut down on june 30 , 2011 and delete all user data .
there are also horticultural activities , such as vineyard and fruit tree , like peach and apple .
common fruit trees planted in commercial orchards and private gardens include several varieties of apple , pear , cherry and plum ; strawberries are commercially cultivated in many locations across the province .
they include what are probably cardamom , nard , valerian , cassia or senna , cinnamon , balm of gilead , hops , mastic , turpentine , pine resin , bitumen , heather , quince , apple , peach , apricot , lemon , pear , medlar , plum and many others .
'' on august 24 of that same year , dell announced that they also discontinued the dj ditty in the face of competition from apple , manufacturer of the ipod , and other mp3 player manufacturers .
ios pocket planes is integrated with apple 's social gaming network game center on ios .
energy efficiency a study of the sustainability of apple production systems showed that in comparing a conventional farming system to an organic method of farming , the organic system in this case is more energy efficient .
in june , 2005 , apple added podcasting to its itunes 4.9 music software and building a directory of podcasts at its itunes music store .
at his passing , the horse was buried at meadow lands farm under his favorite apple tree near the paddock that had been his home for seventeen years .
procyanidin b2 can be found in cinchona pubescens ( chinchona , in the rind , bark and cortex ) , in cinnamomum verum ( ceylon cinnamon , in the rind , bark and cortex ) , in crataegus monogyna ( common hawthorn , in the flower and blossom ) , in uncaria guianensis ( cat 's claw , in the root ) , in vitis vinifera ( common grape vine , in the leaf ) , in litchi chinensis ( litchi , in the pericarp ) , in the apple , and in ecdysanthera utilis .
in june 2005 , apple released itunes 4.9 with native support for podcasts .
it was developed by apple as '' firewire '' in the late 1980s and early 1990s , and macintosh computers have supported '' firewire target disk mode '' since 1999 .
benzoic acid is also formed in apple after infection with the fungus nectria galligena .
apple released rosetta in 2006 when it transitioned the macintosh platform from the powerpc to intel processor instruction set architecture .
products produced in the county include apple , pear , apricot , watermelon , and traditional chinese medicine .
it later rebounded into the top 50 due to being featured on the apple macbook air commercials , but nonetheless the song spent a total of 19 weeks on the chart .
as a consequence of this problem , it was reported on july 2 , 2010 that several iphone 4 users were planning on suing apple and at&t for fraud by concealment , negligence , intentional misrepresentation and defective design .
a selection of apple devices , including various iphone , ipad , and ipod touch models ; all of which are considered to be examples of '' post-pc devices '' .
fruit beers lindemans varieties include lambic framboise ( raspberry ) , kriek ( sour cherry ) , pêcheresse ( peach ) , cassis ( blackcurrant ) , and pomme ( apple ) .
apple -- fassbrause is a non-alcoholic or alcoholic ( depends from the brand ) german drink made from fruit and spices and malt extract , traditionally stored in a keg .
angry birds was the studio 's 52nd game for the iphone where it reached no. 1 spot in the apple app store chart after six months and then stayed there for months .
proulx was the first and main programmer of the first version of quicken and the first apple and radio shack versions .
jeff robbin , kincaid , and dave heller moved to apple as part of the acquisition , where they continue to work today as the software 's original developers .
hjelmeland is known for its fruit ( apple , pear , plum , cherries and strawberries ) and fish production .
the pc-bsd package management system aims to be similar to that of major operating systems such as microsoft windows and apple mac os x , where applications are installed from a single downloaded file with graphical prompts , rather than the traditional package management systems that many unix-like systems use .
the area is noted for maple sugar and apple orchard .
apple had the software taken down from several servers for violating this law .
after demoing their product on an early apple computer , businesses became interested in obtaining their product .
bulk update required that pages be created offline by the use of editing terminals which could store pages , or by micro-computers such as that provided by apple or acorn .
it is available for linux , apple os x , unix and microsoft windows .
the festival was originally created in 1962 as a way to provide a market for the county 's apple production .
lewis mcneely sr. and dr. larry cockerham began discussing in 2001 a desire to have a festival event in cleveland tn that centered on apple .
internet use the item that is the result of a quick license payment system may be based on a pay per view system , or may use a system similar to the apple itunes store , which sells licensed music with drm to prevent copying after sell out .
in 2014 , apple revealed their new version of their operating system , yosemite , and half dome was the default wallpaper on the new os .
the clip stars daisy lowe ( brunette ) and leah hibbert ( from shipwrecked battle of the islands ) she is the short haired blonde model and another unidentified blond model partaking in a variety of apple - related activities .
documentaries triumph of the nerds ( 1996 ) nerds 2.0.1 ( 1998 ) waiting for '' superman '' ( 2010 ) the virtual revolution ( 2010 ) feature films pirates of silicon valley , a 1999 film which chronicles the rise of apple and microsoft from the early 1970s to 1997 .
sony 's bravia series hdtv accessories in april 2007 , sony launched the bravia tdm-ip1 , a docking cradle to permit playback of audio and video hosted on an apple ipod on a bravia model television .
aliph launched its second-generation bluetooth headset in may 2008 and it was reviewed positively new jawbone became available for sale at the apple store for the first time in the summer of 2008 .
the song appeared in a 2006 television commercial for the apple ipod shuffle .
its competitors were apple 's own speech recognition software ( built into mac os x ) ; dragon naturally speaking by nuance , running under windows virtualization software such as parallels desktop for mac or vmware fusion ; and the discontinued speech recognition program viavoice by nuance / ibm .
the company designs and manufactures fashion-forward mobile accessories for a variety of smartphone , readers and tablets - including apple , amazon , blackberry , samsung , htc , google , windows , nokia , motorola , lg and sony ericsson .
stemilt is the largest fresh market sweet cherry shipper in the world , and one of the nation 's largest grower-packer-shippers of apple , pear , cherries , and stone fruit .
hardware itunes and ipod in april 2003 , apple brought mainstream attention to aac by announcing that its itunes and ipod products would support songs in mpeg-4 aac format ( via a firmware update for older ipods ) .
zimmerman played an active role in the commercial apple orchard industry of hampshire county , and operated at least three commercial orchards there .
it was released to the apple app store on september 22 , 2011 .
rows of trees under hail nets a pile of ` red delicious ' the red delicious is a clone of apple cultigen , now comprising more than 50 cultivar , recognized in madison county , iowa , united states , in 1880 .
michurin also proposed means for overcoming the genetic barrier of incompatibility during the process of hybridization , such as pollination of the young hybrids during their first florescence , preliminary vegetative crossing , use of a '' mediator '' , pollination with the mix of different kinds of pollen etc. the soviets began to cultivate michurin 's hybrids of apple , pear , cherry , rowan and others .
due to an emerging technologies grant from alberta education , in the 2006-2007 and 2007-2008 school years , each student received their own apple macbook .
amelio worked at bell labs , fairchild semiconductor , and the semiconductor division of rockwell international but is best remembered as a ceo of national semiconductor and apple .
in settled areas , there are many wild apple trees which now form a significant food source for deer .
jazz is a trademarked brand of the scifresh apple variety .
the county 's agricultural industry blossomed in the 19th century , especially after the arrival of the dominion atlantic railway which led to a major expansion of exports , especially the apple industry .
history founded by rameet chawla in 2009 following the release of apple 's app store , fueled began at general assembly , at the time a startup hub and incubator in manhattan 's flatiron district .
both the dry and sweet styles of erbaluce tend to exhibit characteristic apple aromas and flavors .
mobile operating systems qr codes can be used in google 's android , blackberry os , nokia symbian belle , apple ios devices ( iphone/ipod/ipad ) , microsoft windows phone , google goggles , 3rd party barcode scanners , and the nintendo 3ds .
utah in northern utah , apple trees commonly grow along the banks of canals .
microsoft plans to focus the xbox music service to compete more directly with apple 's itunes store , amazon mp3 , spotify , deezer and other streaming services .
the new expansion , called '' the village at vintage faire mall '' , added several new retailers including apple store , bebe , brewhouse , coach , chico's , coldwater creek , charming charlie , sephora , men 's wearhouse , chipotle mexican grill and buffalo wild wings .
music video the music video was uploaded to youtube on may 28 , 2014 , using the apple and twitter software vine .
maximum files per server : 16 million maximum directory entries : 16 million maximum volumes per server : 64 maximum volumes per partition : 8 maximum open files per server : 100,000 maximum directory tree depth : 100 levels characters used : ascii double-byte maximum extended attributes : 16 maximum data streams : 10 support for different name spaces : microsoft windows long names ( aka os/2 namespace ) , unix , apple macintosh support for restoring deleted files ( salvage ) support for journaling ( novell transaction tracking system aka tts ) support for block suballocation , starting in netware 4 .
production of the most important crops ( according to the food and agriculture organization ) in 2006 ( in ' 000 tons ) amounted to : wheat 3301.9 ; sunflower 1196.6 ; maize 1587.8 ; grapes 266.2 ; tobacco 42.0 ; tomato 213.0 ; barley 546.3 ; potato 386.1 ; peppers 156.7 ; cucumber 61.5 ; cherries 18.2 ; watermelon 136.0 ; cabbage 72.7 ; apple 26.1 ; plum 18.0 ; strawberries 8.8 .
foxconn is a major manufacturer that has catered to such companies as apple , dell , hp , motorola , nintendo , nokia , and sony .
in the late 18th and early 19th centuries , westford primarily produced granite , apple , and worsted yarn .
david wang is a jail break developer and mobile phone hacker who won the apple phone hacking competition and hacked the iphone to use as an android apps platform .
size comparison , from top to bottom , between : - a first generation ipod nano - a first generation iphone - a fourth generation ipod classic the apple ipod line has been upgraded many times , and each significant revision is called a '' generation '' .
as for micropayments , they appear to have finally become feasible via apple 's itunes store .
original disk copy utility disk copy was also the name of an apple utility distributed with some of the earliest versions of the mac os .
'' in 2009 , apple rejected an update to nine inch nails ' iphone application , nin : access , because it found the contents of the downward spiral to be '' offensive , obscene and/or objectionable .
barra 's product involvement included the entire android ecosystem of software and hardware , including honeycomb , ice cream sandwich , jelly bean and kitkat operating system launches , the nexus 4 and nexus 5 smartphones , the nexus 7 and nexus 10 tablets , and other related products such as google now and google voice search , google 's speech recognition product comparable to apple 's siri .
old orchard ( apple , blackberry , chinese chestnut , deer 's tongue panic grass , early goldenrod , fox grape meadow mushroom , norway maple , orchard grass , perilla , poison ivy , pokeweed , riverbank grape , sensitive fern , smooth sumac , virginia creeper , white avens , wood nymph butterfly ) 21 .
domaine pinnacle ice cider domaine pinnacle ice cider is a quebec ice cider introduced by domaine pinnacle in 2001 , made from a blend of six different varieties of apple , selected from the company 's family-owned orchard on the southern slopes of mount pinnacle .
coquitlam centre is a super-regional sized shopping center anchored by target , sears , the bay , future shop , london drugs , t & t supermarket , h&m , sport chek , golf town , old navy , gap , sephora , apple , and atmosphere .
technical features monster maker was a cross-platform hybrid cd-rom that worked in both apple macintosh and microsoft windows computers .
the highland area known as ba'kelalan has been experimenting with the cultivation of apple .
he once took a tasmanian apple into the federal parliament in protest against legalising the import of new zealand apples which have been banned in australia for 80 years because of bio-security risk reasons , notably the fireblight disease .
odalengo piccolo is known for the truffle fair tufo & tartufo , which has been held during the autumn truffle season since 1994 , and for the wide variety of antique native apple cultivars which are grown locally .
mostarda di mantova ( also called mostarda di mele campanine or mostarda mantovana ) is made from small , sour green apple called mele campanine .
the skateboarding bulldog featured on youtube and in an apple iphone commercial was named after tillman .
many companies such as hewlett packard and apple have their french head offices in this area .
business career in january 2011 , tosi was offered the job of cfo at apple by steve jobs , but turned it down .
among the additional flavors are strawberry lemonade chill , citrus slush , cherry splash , blue raspberry rush kiwi , banana , plum , blueberry , passion fruit , blackberry , raspberry , strawberry-banana , mango , melon , tropical punch , green apple , blue raspberry , watermelon , mixed berries & cream , peaches & cream , orange cream , and strawberry & cream .
it is surrounded by small woods and its orchard of apple and pear .
the service crashed temporarily during 27 january 2010 due to a massive surge of interest in journalists ' feeds using coveritlive to report steve jobs ' keynote at apple 's launch of its ipad device .
in 1922 , she joined a research group at the low temperature research station associated with cambridge university to study the deterioration of apple in cold storage , a problem plaguing importers of the fruit .
the video for the song was released to apple 's itunes store on february 2 , 2010 and a new version was issued on september 14 , 2010 .
in 2008 , gspn submitted an application to apple 's app store , but despite having similar functionality to other approved applications , was rejected ; the application was later accepted .
communities.com was originally located across from apple headquarters in cupertino , california .
tandy corporation 's leading position in what magazine called the '' 1977 trinity '' ( apple , commodore and tandy ) had much to do with tandy 's retailing the computer through more than 3,000 of its radio shack storefronts .
installers were provided for apple 's mac os x , microsoft 's windows , and linux .
he may have been a god of apple tree .
the climate is maritime , and many private gardens have plum and apple trees even here at a latitude of 65 ° n. history this area was early settled , and there are several prehistoric burial mounds .
cocoa is apple 's native object-oriented application programming interface ( api ) for the os x operating system .
abc news ' lou kesten called it '' equally memorable '' to glados and a '' chatty , nervous a.i. '' entertainment weekly s john young described its eyeball 's appearance as a '' giant blue eyeball resembles a hal 9000 computer with an apple makeover '' .
there are apple and peach orchards .
on december 16 , apple announced that beyoncé was the fastest selling album in the history of the itunes store , both in the us and worldwide .
then sony pictures syndicated the series in a multi-platform footprint including : youtube , hulu , the playstation network , google tv , the bravia network , animax , axn , at&t , sprint , etc. on october 19 , 2012 , apple releases an exclusive and innovative mobile app edition of urban wolf available on its 172 itunes app stores worldwide for iphone , ipod touch and ipad .
fruits consisted of apple , pear , cherries , fig , almond and plum .
this is well seen in the arrangement of the five carpel ( the botanical fruits containing the seeds ) in an apple cut transversely .
the apple orchards produce the vasquez and king david varieties , which are grown only in oak glen , as well as antique varieties no longer commercially available such as ben davis , gravenstein , and pink pearl .
some have suggested stem could not achieve the economic goals intended , and others have added additional subjects or qualifiers : steam ( art ) -- some have discussed the need for product design in marketing new technologies , and point to the successes of apple , which combines technology and functionality with style .
variants the videocore i-based vc01 provides video and multimedia capabilities to various samsung phones , including sch-v540 , sch-v4200 , sch-v490 the videocore ii-based vc02 / processor provides video capabilities for apple 's 5th generation ipod .
ashmead 's kernel is a triploid cultivar of apple .
the first single '' just like you are '' was played on radio stations around the country and was also chosen as the official soundtrack for the first ever south african apple ipod nano commercial which was broadcast regularly on multiple channels on satellite television over the festive season .
now quite common , well-known touchscreen smartphone manufacturers are apple , htc , lg electronics , motorola , nokia , samsung mobile , and sony .
in september 2011 , apple opened its 13th australian store in westfield hornsby .
packaging the blue is marketed in ( angola ) in : tr glass bottles of 33cl ; cans of 33cl ; pet bottles of 50cl ; pet bottle 1.5 l. variants of the mark blue pulp - with pieces of fruit , orange and pineapple are the fruit that remain in the mouth ( launched in 2012 ) blue lemon-lime blue ( orange ) - with concentrated orange juice blue passion fruit - with passion fruit juice concentrate blue pineapple blue tamarind blue coco pineapple blue tropical strawberry blue apple blue guarana awards in 2013 , blue received a gold medal from the international competition of quality , monde selection .
dusers is an apple macintosh users ' group at drexel university in philadelphia .
see also - , an extended article on troutwine and moberg comparing veritas prep to google and apple in the march 2009 issue of entrepreneur magazine .
as a result of a lawsuit by apple , gem was forced to remove the stacking capabilities , making it a tiling window manager .
previously worked at motorola , apple , webvan .
the images had been demanded in exchange for interviews regarding an alleged leak of apple iphone and ipad user data from an fbi laptop .
chief crops included hay , apple , grape and cranberries .
in captivity this slug will eat : dandelion leaves tomato - it nibbles the skin first and then the pulp cucumber apple spinach when other items are not available , it will eat dill in captivity it will not eat : grape life cycle this slug hatches from eggs .
ground layering ground layering or mound layering is the typical propagation technique for the popular malling-merton series of clonal apple rootstocks , in which the original plants are set in the ground with the stem nearly horizontal , which forces side buds to grow upward .
the first hp laserjet and the first apple laserwriter used the same print engine , the canon cx engine .
the first press edition comes with a different apple jacket cover .
it is apple flavored and is distributed in latin america .
one spot was modeled after apple 's ipod commercials .
the caterpillar feed on the bark of woody rosaceae of subfamily amygdaloideae , namely hawthorns ( crataegus ) , apple ( malus ) , cherries ( prunus ) and pear ( pyrus ) .
it is known for its strawberries , peach , apple , garlic and potato .
the brighton applefest was created in 1975 by the merchants of brighton , ontario , canada to promote the brighton area , and the apple - based culture around it .
the enterprise was staffed with former employees of apple , netscape , be inc . , linuxcare , microsoft , red hat and sun microsystems , among others .
it also featured the industry-standard 3.5 mm headphone jack , and was anticipated as a major challenger to apple , who 's ipod dominated the industry .
a security flaw in apple 's itunes allowed unauthorized third parties to use itunes online update procedures to install unauthorized programs .
the widget had over 3 million downloads during the games and was among the most successful apple / mac downloads during that period .
in the case of apple , nz is more energy-efficient even though the energy embodied in capital items and other inputs data was not available for the uk .
replay volume normalization with music sales moving towards file-based playback , digital downloads and away from cds , there is a possibility that the loudness war will be blunted by normalization technology such as replaygain and apple 's sound check .
hipgeo is a free los angeles - based developer of an lbs app designed for use on apple ios devices developed by scott daniel , rich rygg , and jeff kunzelman .
the fact that it was n't a '' clone '' of similar 8-bit systems ( like the apple , the trs-80 or even the sinclair spectrum ) certainly did not contributed to its popularity .
by 2006 , the retailer set out to compete with victoria 's secret with the help from frog design , a product design and branding firm best known for working with apple .
july 12 -- urumqi oil tank explosion july 16 -- sun danyong , a chinese factory worker employed by apple 's manufacturing partner foxconn , committed suicide after reporting to have lost a prototype model for a fourth generation iphone .
it is polyphagous , feeding on a wide range of plants , such as burdock , artemisia , mustards , buddleja , marigold , chrysanthemum , hawthorn , cyclamen , silverberry , fireweed , forsythia , hop , lettuce , lepisanthes , apple , parthenocissus , plantain , prunus , pear , rhododendron , willow , spinach , dandelion , coltsfoot , and nettle .
the royal treasure ( mostly very valuable objects of art , the royal scepter , apple and sword , the globe of ladislaus of jagiello known as astrolabium etc. ) and many other important objects she has taken with her were deposited in pressburg castle and guarded by the royal burgrave john bornemisza .
the most common dacha fruits in cool temperate regions of russia are apple , blackcurrant , redcurrant , gooseberry , raspberry and strawberry ( sometimes also sour cherry , downy cherry , plum , pear , sea-buckthorn , actinidia kolomikta , black chokeberry , serviceberry , sweetberry honeysuckle , blackberry and grape , but many of them are either rare or not hardy enough and require winter protection ) .
furthermore , the aluminum shell of apple macbook pro is also manufactured in this city .
other recorded food plants include birch , elm , maple , oak , basswood , butternut , cherry , beech , hickory , balsam poplar , chestnut , hazel , apple , lilac and dogwood .
electronic arts released the game transformers : dark of the moon on june 28 , 2011 for nokia symbian smartphones , apple products ipod touch , iphone , and ipad and research in motion 's blackberry devices .
on mobile devices however , after apple refused to allow the flash player within the inbuilt ios web browser , adobe changed strategy enabling flash content to be delivered as native mobile applications using the adobe integrated runtime .
caverns of minos is an arcade shooting game for ios devices developed by jeff minter and ivan zorzin of llamasoft and published via the apple app store .
apple announced in june 2013 that the new macbook air features 802.11 ac wireless networking capabilities , later announcing in october 2013 that the macbook pro and mac pro also featured 802.11 ac .
in an apple presentation held in 2006 , steve jobs noted that this was his favorite track of all time .
cnet speculated that the unusual container-based structure would be counteracting apple 's architectural style ( usually open and filled with natural light ) , the portland structure does appear to include open space .
almost all modern apple in commercial use are propagated as dwarf or semi-dwarf trees for ease of picking and spraying .
main crops : cereals ( wheat , oats ) , corn , sunflower , canola , grape , in orchards : apple , peach , plum and more .
kanjitalk was the name given by apple to its japanese language localization of mac os .
members official logo for the svg file format members of the svg working group include representatives from the following organizations : adobe systems inc. apple open text ( bitflash division ) canon , inc. ercim ericsson expway france telecom groupe des écoles des télécommunications ikivo ab ilog itedo software gmbh kddi corporation keio university microsoft mozilla opera software research in motion , ltd. ( rim ) sharp corporation sun microsystems inc. w3c has also invited several experts to collaborate with the working group .
the city is the trade center for a fertile agricultural region where fruit ( especially apple and grape ) and tobacco are grown .
their album , glorious five year plan , was issued on the mgm label and appeared on apple 's itunes store on 10 january .
american cell phone service provider sprint nextel reportedly pays $ 20 billion for exclusive rights to apple 's next mobile phone .
apple ipads were deployed to all freshman and sophomores .
apple implemented the urdu language keyboard across mobile device in its ios 8 update in september 2014 .
it synchronizes contacts , calendars , tasks , and memo apps for apple , android , blackberry , and windows phone smartphones and tablets .
well known for its cherry and apple orchard , the door peninsula is a popular tourism destination .
apple chose the game to demonstrate the graphics capabilities of their iphone 6 and metal graphics api at the iphone 6 's announcement event .
mac os x apple advertises the services menu in connection with other features of its operating system .
orchards have an important part of global agricultural production is grown mainly district : apple , cherry , plum and more .
wikinodes is an app for the apple ipad built by idea.org .
some mobile device manufacturers include mobile cloud storage apps with their product as is the case with apple .
it contains zorlu center psm , the largest performing arts center in the country , as well as the country 's first apple store .
the player takes on the role of a hungry snake , who must eat all the apple in each level , whilst avoiding the hazards .
'' chen also joked about apple 's recent '' bendgate '' incident during the presentation , remarking that unlike the iphone 6 , '' bending ( the passport ) needs a little effort .
economy the economy of itayanagi is heavily dependent on horticulture , especially for apple , with rice as a secondary crop .
the collection spans a huge variety of species , such as maple , spirea , deutzia , beech , plum and rare apple family members .
a distinct population emerged in north america in the 19th century some time after apple , a non-native species , were introduced .
in 2007 apple released the iphone followed by the app store .
ios version iphone os 3 apple released messages for the iphone as a built-in application with iphone os 3.0 on june 17 , 2009 .
for instance , both microsoft and apple provide driver development kits ( ddk ) for developing device driver .
glomerella cingulata is a plant pathogenic fungus that causes disease on many different hosts including quince and apple bitter rot and anthracnose on many fruit and vegetable species such as mango or cultivated plants like st. john 's wort ( hypericum perforatum ) .
transparency reports are issued today by a variety of technology and communications companies , including google , microsoft , verizon , at&t , twitter , apple , dropbox , facebook , yahoo and cloudflare .
she has modeled in print ads for apple laptops and verizon , has been in commercials for shoe carnival and japanese soft-drink company suntory , and done voice-over work for at&t .
in august 2006 , the framework reached a milestone when apple announced that it would ship ruby on rails with mac os x v10.5 '' leopard '' , which was released in october 2007 .
winner : casey ( beef carpaccio with watercress and fried caper , shiitake broth ) eliminated : howie ( asparagus and prosciutto '' cigars '' with parmesan cheese ; mushroom duxelle on puff pastry ) elimination challenge prize : a 17-inch apple macbook pro laptop computer .
the cultivated fruit include : mulberry , peach , apricot , apple , pomegranate , pear , fig , walnut , as well as grape , watermelon and muskmelon .
the vtc was an early innovative social computing project that developed a software program , cabinet , which ran on apple macs and allowed users to create , develop , manage and comment on virtual museum collections .
the ball a st columb ball , 1995 the ball for hurling is made of sterling silver which is hammered into two hemispheres and then bound around a core of apple which is held together with a band of silver .
uses a lipophobic coating is used on the touchscreen of apple 's iphone since the 3gs , their ipad , nokia 's n9 and lumia devices , various samsung phones such as the google nexus s and galaxy nexus , the htc hd2 , hero and flyer and many other phones to repel fingerprint oil , which aids in preventing and cleaning fingerprint marks .
this includes industries such as almond , apple , artichoke , asparagus , boysenberries , chive , corn , egg , fig , grapefruit , papaya , peach , pineapple , plum , prune , seafood , tomato and turkey .
name the name braeburn refers to a particular cultivar of apple .
in zwingenberg there still exist remnants of , and even new fruit farming ( mainly apple ) .
pinova is a german apple cultivar .
aside from these two primary crops , the region produces a wide variety of products which include barley , corn , flax , grape , potato , rice , sugar beet , sunflower , tobacco , apricot , pear , plum , apple , cherries , pomegranate , melon , dates , fig , sesame , pistachio , and nuts .
mactracker is a freeware application containing a complete database of all apple hardware models and software versions , created and actively developed by ian page .
the most successful tablet is the apple ipad , using the ios operating system .
espn media outlets espn mvp/mobile the book those guys have all the fun : inside the world of espn notes that apple ceo steve jobs reportedly told espn president george bodenheimer in reference to an espn-branded samsung flip-phone released in 2006 , '' your phone is the dumbest fucking idea i have ever heard '' .
the song '' the audience is listening theme song '' from the audience 's listening has been featured in a 2g apple ipod nano advertisement .
many other computers , particularly ones from commodore and early ones from apple , write disks in formats which can not be encoded or decoded by the 765a , even though the drive mechanisms are more or less identical to ones used on pcs .
commercials wme 's commercials division helps partner clients with notable brands like at&t , apple , dior , samsung , gucci , mercedes , pepsi and absolut vodka .
up until the 2005 -- 2006 school year , apple computers were used exclusively .
apple 's itunes store formerly operated a model in which purchases can only be made in a domain where the users ' means of payment is registered .
karmijn de sonnaville apples karmijn de sonnaville is a variety of apple bred by piet de sonnaville , working in wageningen ( the netherlands ) in 1949 .
common fruit trees include apple , pear , peach , apricot , plum , persimmon and chinese quince .
owen hall houses practice rooms , a digital recording studio , and a computer lab with 19 apple computers with a variety of software , including logic pro 7 , sibelius , final cut studio 2 , photoshop and dreamweaver .
souvenir rice ( berenj ) tursu ( torshi ) vegetable ( sabzi ) kilim ( gelim ) pottery ( sofalgari ) juglans ( gerdoo ) orange ( porteghal ) cherry ( gilas ) apple ( sib ) wood carving ( monabat kari ) honey ( asal ) felt ( namad ) fruit preserves ( murraba ) local bread ( nan mahali ) pastry ab dandan pastry āqooz kenna pastry saghe aroos naz khatoon robb e narenj food kateh kabab torsh tah chin halva peshte zik alu mosema morq-e torsh shami goosht ash-e-doogh khoresh aloo mahi shekam por ( stuffed fish ) morgh shekam por ( stuffed chicken ) ordak shekam por ( stuffed duck ) ispina-saek transportation haraz road : road 77 is the most important road from tehran to northern iran ( province of mazandaran ) besideskaraj-chaloos .
app ) is the terminal emulator included in the os x operating system by apple .
apple historically were an important crop .
portable object compiler besides the gcc / next / apple implementation , which added several extensions to the original stepstone implementation , another free , open-source objective-c implementation called the portable object compiler also exists .
this , along with the steering wheel controls and voice-control system , is linked to volvo 's new sensus user interface , which allows for , among other things , access to a wide selection of cloud-based applications such as internet radio , connected navigation , finding and paying for parking , music streaming , the ability to mirror and use apple and android devices in the touch screen display , and a wi-fi hot spot for using a tablet in the car .
the appearance manager was originally developed for apple 's failed copland project , but with the cancellation of this project the system was moved into newer versions of the mac os , notably bundled with mac os 8 and 9 .
composition this retail mixture contains rooibos , coconut , ginger , cinnamon , apple , cardamom , black pepper & almond .
orchards collections citrus orchard ( orange , lemon , lime , kumquat , grapefruit , and guava ) deciduous orchard , with 100 fruit tree ( including peach , plum , apple , pear , persimmon and fig ) and olive trees from the 1880s .
startup chime the macintosh startup chime is the single note or chord ( depending on model type ) played when an apple macintosh computer is turned on .
ios version chrome is available on apple 's mobile ios operating system as google chrome for ios .
in celebration of their 10th birthday , they offered twitter users the chance to win an apple macbook pro just by tweeting their tag ; '' # moonfruit '' .
morel mushroom growing in old apple orchard that had been treated with lead arsenate may accumulate levels of toxic lead and arsenic that are unhealthy for human consumption .
on may 15 , 2013 , '' say the same thing '' became the 50 billionth download in apple 's app store .
pennsylvania ranks fourth in the united states in dairy production , fourth in horticulture retail sales , first in agaricus mushroom production ( 62 % of u.s. output during 2011 -- 12 ) , fourth in apple production , fourth in grape production , and seventh in winemaking .
the company released its first ios app , bowls - authentic tibetan singing bowls , on the apple app store in march 2009 .
cast priyanka chopra as alisha merchant uday chopra as abhay sharma dino morea as varun sanghvi / siddhart '' sidhu '' advika yadav ( child artist ) as tanya , alisha 's daughter anupam kher as abhay 's father rahul vohra as c. p arjun sablok as mr. jaspreet jugal hansraj as man at the apple store ( special appearance ) madhura naik as alisha 's friend saidah jules release the film was promoted on the show music ka maha muqqabla on 10 january 2010 by priyanka chopra and uday chopra on star plus and on bigg boss on 19 december 2009 by priyanka chopra and uday chopra .
it was additionally touted as '' the most environmentally friendly ipod apple has ever made '' , containing arsenic - free glass and a bfr - , mercury - , and pvc - free design .
developer of mobile advertising for apple will now be 70 % of advertising revenue .
in 2006 , berton averre and doug fieger filed suit against apple , run dmc and others for electronically redistributing the work .
as of february 2014 , balfour hosts fashion in conversation for apple , a series of interviews in the uk and us with influential names in the industry like vogue editor-in-chief anna wintour , blogger scott schuman aka the sartorialist , fashion designers zac posen , marchesa , proenza schouler , mary katrantzou , anya hindmarch , manolo blahnik , '' queen of the green carpet '' livia firth and academy award winning costume designer sandy powell among others .
johnny appleseed , commonly used as a placeholder name by apple .
a large variety of breads , like obwarzanki were sold by vendors in krakow as early as the 14th century and placki , flat cakes , came in a surprising number of varieties , including one variety with an apple topping , reminiscent of pizza .
acsh also criticized apple workers who refused to enter homes where smoking had taken place to make technical repairs out of concern over secondhand smoke .
the ingredients in blue charge , similar to those used in red bull , are : carbonated water , sugar , glucose-fructose syrup , citric acid , taurine ( 0.4 % ) , natural flavouring , acidity regulator ( sodium citrate ) , fruit and vegetable concentrates ( apple , carrot , hibiscus ) , glucuronolactone , caffeine , inositol , vitamins ( niacin , pantothenic acid , vitamin b6 , riboflavin , vitamin b12 ) , preservative ( potassium sorbate ) .
apple uses avenir for its maps app and some siri screens in .
'' because her father is american , feist has dual canadian-u.s. citizenship , joking later that she was given u.s. citizenship as part of a deal with apple .
bill represents the '' fruit os '' users , an obvious parody of apple 's mac os .
this information can be of interest to hobbyists , but can also be used commercially by the technical community to find out , for example , what semiconductor components are being utilized in consumer electronic products , such as the wii video game console or apple 's iphone .
peter gideon ( 1820-1899 ) was a farmer near excelsior , minnesota , united states , who was responsible for breeding apple that could withstand minnesota 's climate .
the region is also known for its cherry trees , apple trees , fish farms , and the abandoned sanatorium in the surrounding metropolitan area of bensmim .
bootcd is a tool for making bootable cd with apple 's operating system mac os x with a working finder and dock .
fruits that hold up well to being preserved in this manner include cherries , plum , peach , apricot , pear , starfruit , pineapple , apple , oranges , lemon , lime and clementine .
the difference in virus vulnerability between macs and windows is a chief selling point , one that apple uses in their get a mac advertising .
apple did n't join this working group , and delayed w3c recommendation of its touch events specification by disclosing patents late in the recommendation process .
as part of the deal , 882 patents owned by novell are planned to be sold to cptn holdings llc , a consortium of companies led by microsoft and including apple , emc , and oracle .
in 2009 , entrepreneur magazine favorably compared veritas prep to apple and google .
frazeysburg is home to the world 's largest apple basket , which is located on the longaberger homestead .
reception across the various platforms , priority matrix has over 70,000 paid customers , and has been ranked among the 10 highest downloaded productivity apps in the apple app store .
on may 9 , 2011 , they launched the youtube channel '' thecussingchannel '' which contains supercut of various movies such as '' just the cussing '' for pulp fiction and '' just the spells '' for all eight of the films , as well as four apple ad parodies narrated by scott .
the east side of the garden features an orchard of plum , pear , and apple trees , many of which gardeners moved from the previous garden location .
apple and nike together developed the nike+ipod , a sensor-equipped shoe that worked with an ipod nano .
varieties keglevich delicious is a range of 6 fruit-flavored vodkas : strawberry peach melon berry mix blueberry coconut strawberry and cream keglevich fresh is a range of 3 flavored vodkas : lemon apple mint keglevich exotic is a range of 2 vodka - based , flavored drinks : mango and maracuja green tea keglevich luxuria licorice they all are available in 0,70 l thick glass bottles .
atlassian confluence apple calendar contactizer em client fruux facebook firstclass google calendar huddle liquidplanner lotus notes lotus organizer meeting maker ( peoplecube ) microsoft entourage microsoft exchange server microsoft office outlook 2000 microsoft office outlook 2007 microsoft office outlook 2010 microsoft office outlook 2013 microsoft works calendar midas web based room and resource scheduling software which allows export of bookings in ical format myphoneexplorer freeware phone manager for sonyericsson mobile phones .
due to its gentle local climate and fertile soil it is the state 's largest area of fruit farming , its chief produce being apple .
artichoke , pea , lettuce , parsley , melon , and apple , as well as wine and cheese , many kinds of meat , and grain were all enjoyed by ancient romans .
some junipers are susceptible to gymnosporangium rust disease , and can be a serious problem for those people growing apple trees , the alternate host of the disease .
acorn is sometimes referred to as the '' british apple '' and has been compared to fairchild semiconductor for being a catalyst for start-ups .
it was released for the ios operating system on 13 january 2012 and is available for the apple ipad and iphone .
macbooster is a third-party system cleaning and optimization utility for apple mac os x aimed to boost mac computer by cleaning junks , unwanted apps and ram etc. .
of the mobile products supporting usb 2.0 hi-speed , the actual sideloading performance usually ranges between 1-5mb / s. however , the popular blackberry mobile phones by rim and the ipods by apple distance themselves at higher performing speeds of roughly 15.7 mb/s and 9.6 mb/s , respectively .
in the '90s , bandai teamed up with apple to make the pippin .
futurice is also one of the first european companies accepted as a member of apple 's iphone - developer program .
the apple ipad 2 and iphone 4s with the a5 soc also feature a dual-core sgx543mp2 .
this technique , possible in many professional and home software applications , is termed '' the ken burns effect '' in apple 's iphoto , imovie and final cut pro x software applications .
she was able to turn the kids into apple , but the students managed to make her accidentally turn herself into one ; she was then eaten by louis .
l7 the l7 was released at the same time as the l6 ( early 2005 ) , but the l7 is more professional , and is one of a few non - apple branded phones released featuring itunes support , allowing the user to play up to 100 downloaded songs that are stored on the phone 's removable microsd card .
also that year , rhi licensed a number of its new movies , miniseries and back catalog titles to global subscribers of apple 's itunes service .
windows 1.0 was to compete with apple 's operating system , but achieved little popularity .
howe settled in dorset , vermont , where he owned and operated a successful apple growing business .
apple 's ios ; used by the iphone and ipad lines , utilizes a similar unlock mechanism using an on-screen slider widget to the right .
examples of de facto standards that were not approved by any standards organizations ( or at least not approved until after they were in widespread de facto use ) include the hayes command set developed by hayes , apple 's truetype font design and the pcl protocol used by hewlett-packard in the computer printer they produced .
apple originally ported x to os x in the form of x11 .
support for the patent form act of 2009 a number of companies ( apple , cisco systems , google , microsoft , oracle , palm , sap , among others ) and several coalitions ( coalition for patent fairness , business software alliance and the software and information industry association ) support the patent reform act of 2009 .
it is an agricultural center , producing primarily cereals , potato , and fruit ( mainly apple ) .
the unicode last resort font sample glyph from the apple 's last resort font .
woo-young kwak , head of lg mobile handset r & d center , said at a press conference , '' we consider that apple copied the prada phone after the design was unveiled when it was presented in the if design award and won the prize in september 2006 .
world wide web browser software , such as microsoft 's internet explorer , mozilla firefox , opera , apple 's safari , and google chrome , lets users navigate from one web page to another via hyperlinks embedded in the documents .
mad science love in the mirror pencils of promise greyson chance mindless behavior harper collins funding the company closed a seed round of $ 3.1 million in 2011 backed by , silicon valley based band of angels , , formerly of overture , wayne goodrich formerly of apple , deena burnett-bailey of angels of hope and additional investors .
it was an early competitor to the apple ipod .
a few of more common flavorings used were ginger , apple and sweet sorghum .
apple extract .
mobile apps in february 2010 , public radio exchange launched a mobile app on apple 's itunes store .
initially a weak copy protection system in the 1980s apple macintosh operating system , the term '' flipping the bozo bit '' was later reused to describe a decision to ignore a person 's input .
many apple , and cherry orchards grow in erickson , british columbia , an unincorporated area outside of creston , and the valley is also an important dairy center .
'' tufts began his criminal activities at the age of 14 with thefts of '' apple , pear , cucumber , and other fruits of the earth , '' and then graduating to '' a paper money bill '' of a neighbor .
engage mobile solutions develops software for mobile devices , smartphones ( including apple ios devices and google android devices ) and wearable computing devices including google glass .
glenora and adolphustown both remain heavily reliant on agriculture and tourism ; visitors are invited to pick strawberries ( in-season in early july ) as well as apple at various commercial orchards on both sides of the bay of quinte .
zoosk has reached the position of no. 1 grossing dating app and a top 25 grossing app on the apple ios app store .
currently there is strong competition between the webkit layout engine used in apple safari and google chrome , the similar khtml engine used in kde 's konqueror browser and mozilla 's gecko layout engine used in firefox -- each of them is leading in different aspects of css .
software and hardware ryan then co-founded third street software , a commodore and apple software development company that did contract software development for sequential circuits , syntech , and sonus , including the first multitimbral sequencing software for sequential 's 600-series synthesizer .
rhubarb crumble popular fruits used in crumbles include apple , blackberry , peach , rhubarb , gooseberry , and plum .
berry blast : apple , blackcurrant , grape , raspberry .
do , backtweets by backtype ( sold to twitter ) , betable , blip.tv , brightroll , chomp ( search engine ) ( sold to apple ) , commerce sciences , crowdflower , curebit , deliciious brands , doubledutch , dynamic yield , euclid analytics , everyme , factual , flowtown ( sold to demandforce which was sold to intuit ) , founders fund ii , founders fund iii , founders fund iv , hackpad , huddler , influitive , kaggle , klout , kontagent , labpixies ( sold to google ) , logik systems , meebo ( sold to google ) , merchantcircle ( sold to reply.com ) , mesmotv ( sold to gsn ) , mob .
fone zone listed on the australian stock exchange in 2005 and recently announced the purchase of next byte , a chain of apple resellers , in an effort to broaden their income stream and enhance growth .
apple has also opposed requiring ogg format support in the html standard ( even as a '' should '' requirement ) on the grounds that some devices might support other formats much more easily , and that html has historically not required particular formats for anything .
golden power golden power was a norwegian-produced sparkling fruit wine ( not to be confused with an energy drink of the same name ) , made of 70 % rhubarb , 20 % apple and 10 % grape juice , which was produced by vingården ( the røed farm in filtvet , in the tofte area , in hurum ) , associated with owner frantz michaelsen .
the uniform type identifier for svg used by apple is public.svg-image and conforms to public .
as a location scout in hollywood , he has recently scouted for the hangover part iii , hawaii five-0 , burlesque , the fighter , castle and commercials for brands such as apple , exxonmobil , ford , hyundai , mountain dew , nike , pepsi , verizon and others .
meaning oven slipper ) is a kind of bread pudding which consist of stale white bread spiced with sugar , vanilla and cinnamon , which is layered in a casserole dish with apple , raisin and almond biscuits and then soaked in a cream-egg-mixture before being baked in the oven .
apple , google , and intel are among 1,600 technology firms generating $ 10.8 billion in annual pittsburgh payrolls , with the area serving as the long-time federal agency headquarters for cyber defense , software engineering , robotics , energy research and the nuclear navy .
1833-1879 : nail mill 1873-1890 : sawmill and paper mill 1890-1977 : paper mill maison du pressoir the maison du pressoir was built in 1806 by didier joubert who used it to press apple into cider .
idex holds early patents for low-cost capacitive fingerprint sensors and has a cross-licence with apple relating to this technology .
venus verticordia - dante rossetti - 1866 apple appear in many religious traditions , often as a mystical or forbidden fruit .
known commercial ports of the original game include : 3do ; acorn archimedes ; amstrad cpc ; apple gs and macintosh ; arcade ( prototype only ) ; lynx ; commodore 64 , amiga cd32 , and cdtv systems ; ms-dos ; fm towns ; hewlett-packard hp-48 series ; mobile phone ; nintendo 's nes , snes , game boy , and game boy color ; os/2 ( demo only ) ; palm ; philips cd-i ; sam coupé ; sega game gear , master system and genesis ; sharp x68000 ; sinclair spectrum ; several texas instruments calculators ; uiq ; pocket pc and windows ; turbografx-cd and windows mobile .
the company develops instant messaging , social networking , productivity , entertainment , games , media and location-based applications for apple iphone , ipod touch and ipad , blackberry , windows phone / windows mobile , android , symbian s60 , uiq , j2me , and hp / palm webos mobile platforms .
support for vbr in aac and mp3 files is found in most modern digital audio player , including those released by apple , microsoft , creative technology , and sandisk .
the 3.0 ghz x5365 arrived in july 2007 , and became available in the apple mac pro on 4 april 2007 .
on friday march 14 , the apple iphone was launched in ireland , available on the 2 network only .
tektrak is a mobile application created by tektrak , inc. for the apple ios and android operating systems .
cerasse , a bitter jamaica herb apple , rose hip , orange zest , papaya , peppermint , liquorice root , lemon grass , cinnamon , blackcurrant , rose and mallow blossoms .
the '' twins of mammon '' refers to apple and google , whose mobile operating systems , respectively ios and android , have taken a duopoly of the mobile os market .
in addition , seeds containing amygdalin -- apple , apricot , bitter almond , peach , plum , cherry , quince , and others -- when consumed in sufficient amounts , may cause cyanide poisoning .
the major productions in the zone are apple , peach and pear .
beginning with the itunes release of madonna's confessions on a dance floor , apple attempted to fix this for their music players by releasing a version of the album where some tracks were merged into a single track to create the effect of gapless playback .
it turns out the pig was n't injured but just hungry , and he gets back his health when he eats karin 's apple .
the transition concluded in late june , just prior to the rollout of the apple iphone .
as such , it competes with commercially developed operating systems such as apple 's ios , google 's android , microsoft 's windows phone and jolla 's sailfish os as well as other community-based open source systems such as ubuntu touch .
with regard to post-production , the university also has avid mentor status , and is the midlands ' accredited training center for apple 's final cut editing software .
history the first pointing device gesture , the '' drag , '' was introduced by apple to replace a dedicated '' move '' button on mice shipped with its macintosh and lisa computers .
on january 19 , 2012 , apple announced a new part of the books store with textbook .
boombotix products are sold through major retailers including apple , amazon , specialty retailers , bike shops and their online store .
in mid-2009 , apple released final cut pro version 7 and began support for inserting closed caption data into sd and hd tape masters via firewire and compatible video capture cards .
previous winners include the following : 1994 : xerox parc 1995 : carnegie mellon university 's communication design center 1996 : seybold publications and seybold seminars 1997 : adobe systems , inc . 1998 : netscape communications corp . 1999 : rensselaer polytechnic institute 2000 : mit press 2001 : information mapping , inc . 2002 : world wide web consortium 2003 : ibm 2004 : the society for technical communication ( stc ) 2005 : the british computer society ( bcs ) 2007 : university of washington 's laboratory for usability testing and evaluaton ( lute ) 2009 : apple 2011 : sap the winner of the graduate student competition is provided with subsidized participation in the sigdoc conference , and the opportunity to publish and present their work .
purchase their customised product most online designer are built using adobe flash technology however lately products such as deconetwork have been created designers using html and javascript due to the pressure applied on the market by non-flash supported devices such as apple iphone and ipad .
in addition to books , the bookstore also offers clothing and accessories ( with brands like fcuk , lacoste , and adidas ) , stationery , cds , a starbucks , an apple retailer , and a food court .
he was apple 's linguist in its civil trademark cases against both microsoft and amazon .
it covers the growth of the idea of apple 's very own ipod , from its origins before its introduction in 2001 to its development to the ipod nano and the fifth-generation video ipod .
albert etter ( 1872 -- 1950 ) was an american plant breeder best known for his work on strawberry and apple varieties .
rogers introduced service on the gsm wireless network in 2002 , and brought apple 's iphone to canada in 2008 .
popular picture organizers include google 's picasa , digikam , adobe systems 's elements , apple 's iphoto , phase one 's media pro 1 and novell 's f-spot .
the most important crops include vegetables ( tomatoe , cucumber , potatoes , pepper , aubergine ) ; fruit ( strawberries , apple , peach , fig ) ; wheat , maize , barley .
east peru is the birthplace of the red delicious cultivar of apple .
in southeast asia , they are usually stewed in clove and sugar , sometimes with apple .
in the report , they state that because social media sites have forbidden any content related to '' hate speech '' , companies including apple , google , facebook , myspace , and others are blocking content expressing anti-homosexual viewpoints .
the codling moth cydia pomonella causes worm-holes in apple .
the early 1980s saw the first popular personal computers , including the ibm pc/at with an intel 80286 processor using 24-bit addressing and 16-bit general registers and arithmetic , and the apple macintosh 128k with a motorola 68000 processor featuring 24-bit addressing and 32-bit registers .
marketing logo used by commodore in the us during the late 1980s amiga technologies logo incorporating the '' boing ball '' ( 1996 ) the name amiga was chosen by the developers from the spanish word for a female friend , because they knew spanish , and because it occurred before apple and atari alphabetically .
the company is well known for their service and sale of apple products , including notebooks , desktops , and the ipod music player .
the magazine is produced on a monthly basis and contains information about all aspects of apple computers all the way from the apple-1 to the latest macintosh computers with mac os x .
a literal translation would be little apple .
he has held major positions at digital equipment corporation , apple , pgp , and entrust , and is considered '' one of the most respected and well-known names in the mobile security industry .
ready-to-use vms with microsoft or apple operating systems installed , in particular , are not distributed , except for evaluation versions .
stacks are a feature first found in apple 's operating system , mac os x v10.5 '' leopard '' .
announcement ping was announced by apple ceo , steve jobs as being '' sort of like facebook and twitter meet itunes , '' but stating that '' ping is not facebook '' and '' it is not twitter , '' instead describing it as '' something else ... all about music .
apple had worked with parc briefly at that time .
founded in 2008 by nicholas cambata and douglas sonders , the 8112 team has quickly become one of the city 's most sought after production companies , with a client list that includes apple , national geographic , and universal .
as of december 15 , 2006 , lowry digital has 700 apple power mac g5 , a server bay with 700 terabyte of storage and two $ 300,000 digital motion picture film scanner .
in 1984 doyle , his wife holly , and son rob , developed macpublisher , the first desktop publishing software , for the newly introduced apple macintosh computer .
the mcintosh , mcintosh red , or colloquially the mac ( - the same as macintosh ) is an apple cultivar .
after initially offering no comment , apple finally apologized saying , '' this application was deeply offensive and should not have been approved for distribution on the app store .
jeff barnes ( scott krinsky ) is a member of the nerd herd specializing in apple products .
food and cooking fruit trees pomes apple asian pear loquat ( japanese medlar ) common medlar pear quince citrus fruits citron grapefruit lemon lime orange pomelo nut trees almond cashew chestnut hazelnut macadamia pecan pistachio walnut other 103 + domesticated plant species in the amazon , including sapodilla , calabash , tucuma , babacu , acai , wild pineapple , cocopalm , american-oil palm , panama-hat palm , peach palm ( bactris gasipaes ) , ice-cream bean , banana breadfruit durian ensete fig jackfruit papaya passionfruit cereal ( or grains , also called '' corn plants '' in the uk ) barley finger millet fonio foxtail millet little barley ( hordeum pusillum , central us pre-columbian ) maize ( called corn in the u.s. ) .
eventually terak succumbed to two forces : the sales juggernaughts of sun , ibm and apple plus venture capitalists with little expertise in the computer industry .
for producing content , caltv utilizes a canon 60d dslr , the industry standard final cut pro video production software running on apple imac g5 .
wikinodes is an app for the apple ipad which uses the spicynodes visualization method .
religion hebrew bible the forbidden fruit mentioned in the book of genesis is commonly assumed to be an apple , and is widely depicted as such in western art .
the slightly sloped hillside areas spread to the east of the ōu mountains and are utilized as crop fields and apple orchards .
a user can send the information directly to apple if the user desires .
other seeds , such as apple pips and plum stones , have fleshy receptacles and smaller fruits like hawthorns have seeds enclosed in edible tissue ; animals including mammals and birds eat the fruits and either discard the seeds , or swallow them so they pass through the gut to be deposited in the animal 's droppings well away from the parent tree .
they are most often encountered as saprophyte on decaying wood but some species can also occur as parasites of trees , especially fruit trees ( for example apple ) and a number of other hardwood trees .
it is available for ms ) windows and apple ) mac os x .
beer in addition to the three hearts brand the company produces : borg viking beer crocodile ikea öl ljus lager ikea öl mörk lager k 's blåa k 's gröna kaltenberg kaltenberg oktoberfest king lion kiss destroyer könig ludwig dunkel liten ljus lager skåne guld stockholm fine festival beer weihenstephan weissbier spirits znaps black jack vodka znaps lemon lime vodka znaps vanilla vodka znaps blackcurrant vodka znaps blackthorn vodka znaps elder vodka znaps rose vodka znaps wild strawberry vodka znaps apple vodka hart brothers blended whisky hart brothers the macallan 12 years whisky export today krönleins is exporting to many countries ; they are also well represented in germany 's big beer market .
meanwhile , the office staff begins betting on various things , from counting the jelly beans in pam beesly 's ( jenna fischer ) candy dish to whether creed bratton ( portrayed by the actor of the same name ) will notice that his apple has been replaced with a potato .
history former glam media logo mode media was founded as glam media in 2003 by former apple veteran and netobjects ceo samir arora together with a group of silicon valley veterans .
the fungus also attacks many other hosts such as cherry trees , most other prunus species , as well as apple , pear and walnut .
google 's involvement in the yahoo-microsoft case is also explored as well as the gradually deteriorating relationship between google and apple .
it is often taken with '' english-style '' ( clear and carbonated ) lemonade , as well as various chopped fresh ingredients , particularly apple , cucumber , oranges , lemon , strawberry , and mint or borage , though nowadays most substitute mint .
because meizu technology co. , ltd wanted to compete with apple , the company had to use the same retina screen as the iphone 4 .
example conferences some of the busiest conferences on cix are enquire within ( general discussion ) , bikers , windows xp ( support for , and discussion of , windows xp ) , windows vista , digital tv , philology ( words and their derivations ) , cultmedia , mac ( support for , and discussion of , apple computers and mac os ) , amiga ( discussion of the 68k/ppc amiga platforms ) , carp ( the campaign for real pedantry - discussion of any fine points of detail , often concentrating on the use and abuse of the english language ) , internet , own .
his commercial work includes countless tv , radio and internet commercials for a diverse clientele such as : nike for wieden kennedy , apple for tbwa/chiat/day , toyota for saatchi and saatchi , and cisco systems and yahoo! for ogilvy and mather .
for a long time the only way to play back sorenson video was to use apple 's quicktime or mplayer , which used dll files extracted from quicktime for windows .
others point out that while there are some similarities to apple , the ability to customize the software based upon user preferences sets xiaomi apart .
whilst working primarily as audio visual artists on self initiated projects , d-fuse have also led commercial projects for apple , sony , bmw , nokia , and docomo , including commercials , online and mobile content , performances and installations .
implementations adaptive bit rate streaming was introduced by move networks and is now being developed and utilized by adobe systems , apple , microsoft and octoshape .
many species of plant reproduce through vegetative reproduction , such as the canada thistle , cherry , apple , ligustrum , hazel , tree of heaven , pawpaw .
he introduced vegetable farming and fruit orcharding to the region , and is remembered is a pioneer of washington 's apple industry .
monmouth was considered one of the best agricultural towns in the state , producing hay , apple and potato , in addition to beef cattle and dairy products .
apart from operating systems , mt xinu also produced apple - unix interoperability software , including an appleshare server for unix .
crops grown include vegetables , apple , grape and stone fruit .
other food sources that contain copper include cereal , potato , pea , red meat , mushroom , some dark green leafy vegetables ( such as kale ) , and fruits ( coconut , papaya and apple ) .
instead of using their own web page , the band streamed it in mpeg-4 form on apple 's website .
the open data-link interface ( odi ) , developed by apple and novell , serves the same function as microsoft and 3com 's network driver interface specification ( ndis ) .
after the premiere , it was streamed on yahoo! , msn , windows media , apple , mtv , vh1 , ifilm and madonna.com .
c 5 h 11 ) is an ester found in apple and pineapple fruits .
availability while initially available only for macs with a superdrive , it was included until 2011 with all new macs ; from idvd 6 onwards , apple supports the ability to burn projects with third-party optical drives .
it contains branches of luxury firms such as beymen and atelier rebul , vakko , cos , moncler , bulgari , pomellato , louis vuitton , fendi , lanvin , dior , miu miu , burberry , tory burch , michael kors and valentino , and istanbul 's ( and the country 's ) first apple store .
in may 1994 , juri was at apple 's worldwide developers conference for the first time .
his advertising clients include apple , champion , cocacola , ibm , isleworth , kodak , manfrotto , nike , nikon , reebok , amway global and stryker .
one example mcnealy has given involved the apple ipod .
promo singles prior to the release of the album , three promotional singles will be released exclusively on apple 's itunes store as a '' countdown to p.a.r.c.e. '' .
migration to suse in early 2007 the windsor unified school district began the migrating its computer environment from an all windows and apple computer network to a suse linux environment .
the permanent sliding calendar was invented by claussen-finks 24 years before apple presented its first iphone in 2008 , where sliding on the screen with the finger appeared in an electronic consumer product for the first time .
the station logo depicts a box with apple .
it was also voted by brandchannel readers as the fifth most influential global brand behind apple , google , ikea and starbucks .
the giant data centers that have been and are being built by firms such as google , apple , amazon and others are far larger and generally much more efficient than the data centers used by most large enterprises .
apollinaris - german naturally sparkling mineral water appletiser - sparkling apple drink aquabona ( previously bonaqua ) - mineral water available in spain .
the larvae feed on apple , crataegus and cotoneaster .
pear are the most susceptible , but apple , loquat , crabapple , quince , hawthorn , cotoneaster , pyracantha , raspberry and some other rosaceous plants are also vulnerable .
the companies compared were ibm , apple , xerox , hp and motorola .
ingredients kofo syrup , the main ingredient of kofola , consists of 14 natural ingredients ( such as extracts from apple , cherry , currant , or herbal aroma ) , sugar , and caramel .
it is also possible that apple and apricot were imported on a small scale , and by greco-roman times quince , pear , plum , peach , filbert , walnut , pine nut , and pistachio were introduced .
orange micro inc. was a computer hardware company which made products for use with apple computers .
in fruit such as the apple , cranberry and quince , it is referred to as black rot , and in twigs and trunks it causes canker .
medavoy himself leaves his wife , recognizing that she is holding him back , but it is too late to save his relationship with donna , who leaves to take a job with apple in california .
← = = members = = members of the html working group include representatives from the following organizations : adobe systems inc. apple google , inc. hp microsoft mozilla opera software w3c has also invited several experts to collaborate with the working group including : robin berjon ( current editor for the html5 and dom4 specifications ) marcos cáceres ian devlin steve faulkner john foliot jeremy keith martin mcevoy janina sajka david sleight manu sporny oli studholme internal working system the htmlwg has members from a diverse community such as content provider , content authors and anyone interested in the work on html .
grupo la norteñita , is a mexican multinational corporation headquartered in cuauhtemoc , chihuahua , mexico that produces apple whose quality and quantity is ranked second worldwide after .
she also owned an apple farm from 1977 to 1988 and was active with local agricultural organizations .
iphone hacking brocious , under the pseudonym daeken , joined with a group of other hackers to reverse engineer the iphone , granting users the ability to use their phones in ways not intended by apple .
psystar - under 2009 permanent injunction to stop selling computers with apple 's mac os x operating system .
due to the seasonal nature of the meat in western culinary history , apple ( harvested in late summer and autumn ) have been a staple pairing to fresh pork .
) other examples include occasions in '' riding the range '' , where tyrone could produce a seemingly inexhaustible supply of apple , '' the snow fort '' , where tasha and uniqua each have a rucksack that contains a rescue kit , including shovels , hooks , and suction cups , '' race around the world '' , where austin has a racing pack in which he keeps numerous items , such as a hook , rope , band-aid , a water bottle , and a pair of scissors , and '' high tea '' , in which tasha manages to store tea-leaves , a teapot and four cups and saucers in a small purse .
videos could be displayed , downloaded and shared across the web in either apple quicktime or flv format .
it was mostly programmed and recorded on apple mac computers using logic audio software and an e-mu emax 2 e64 sampler .
she is the daughter of apple co-founder steve jobs and chrisann brennan .
brophy has partnered up with apple to buy the tablets in a large purchase .
history soundjam mp , developed by bill kincaid and released by casady & greene in 1999 , was renamed itunes when apple purchased it in 2000 .
the twist website and mobile application team includes engineers from mit , apple , google and stanford .
in the fall of 2006 , used apple laptop computers were issued to each incoming freshman .
butterfield had a modern computer laboratory with 33 thin-client pcs , and a portable laptop laboratory with 16 apple macintosh ibooks. the title i class/lab had six pcs for individualized student instruction under teacher supervision .
the strip is created in bbedit and fireworks mx on an apple imac .
since 2001 , apple has featured wefunk in its itunes radio directory , introducing the show to a large worldwide audience .
as in the original story , the queen pretends to be an old woman selling apple which in truth are poisoned .
formerly an apple orchard , the vineyard was first planted in 2005 , and opened to the public in 2008 .
at present , the xl h1 24f and 30f hdv is supported by major non-linear editing system such as canopus/grass valley edius 5.0 , sony vegas , adobe premiere pro 2.0 , apple final cut pro 5.1.2 and avid xpress pro .
ksts was also the only station to broadcast the introduction of apple 's macintosh personal computer at the company 's 1984 annual shareholders meeting .
in this way the srm console is similar to the open firmware used in sparc and apple powermac computers , for example .
berentzen apfelkorn apfelkorn is a sweet apple - flavored liqueur made from 100 % wheat spirit , and blended with apples .
the remedy for shingles comprised a potion using the bark of 15 trees : aspen , apple , maple , elder , willow , sallow , myrtle , wych-elm , oak , blackthorn , birch , olive , dogwood , ash , and quickbeam .
after his retirement , marinko became involved in the refrigeration business , with his company pioneering a particular method of cold storage for apple .
today the arboretum contains about 2000 trees , as well as notable collections of shrubs , four hundred varieties of heritage apple and pear trees , and three hundred varieties of lilac .
support for windows media center was dropped , however an app was released for apple 's ios operating system , used on the ipad , iphone and ipod touch .
auo manufactures tft panels for companies including samsung , sony , nec , lenovo , panasonic , lg , dell , apple , viewsonic , acer , toshiba .
ogier was fowling in his fields one afternoon , when he surprised a russian soldier stealing apple from his orchard .
the itrip is an fm-transmitter made by griffin technology as a third party accessory for apple 's popular ipod mp3 player and iphone .
the apple plaintalk microphone jack used on some older macintosh systems is designed to accept an extended 3.5 mm three-conductor phone connector ; in this case , the tip carries power for a preamplifier inside the microphone .
beginning with the class of 2014 , every incoming student is provided an apple macbook pro computer , with the aim of universally integrating technology into the curriculum .
power2 processors power2 6 to 8 chips were mounted on a ceramic multi chip module power2 + a cheaper 6-chip version of power2 with support for external l2 caches p2sc a faster and single chip version of power2 p2sc + an even faster version or p2sc due to reduced fabrication process powerpc in 1991 , apple looked for a future alternative to motorola 's 68000 - based cisc platform , and motorola experimented with a risc platform of its own , the 88000 .
on apple mac os , it is available by opening ` network utilities ' then selecting ` traceroute ' tab , as well as by typing the '' traceroute '' command in the terminal .
brand new school has directed commercials for companies including apple , coca-cola , ikea , old navy , starbucks , target and pepsi .
huber grove , a 100-year-old apple orchard , features the huber farmhouse and creamery .
as of july 2013 , the ca/browser forum includes over 30 certificate authority members and the following five internet browser software vendors : microsoft ( internet explorer ) , apple ( safari ) , mozilla ( firefox ) , google ( chrome ) , and opera .
xgrid is developed by apple .
some in the industry , including apple , use x86-64 and x86 64 , while others , notably sun microsystems ( now oracle corporation ) and microsoft , use x64 while the bsd family of oss and several linux distributions use amd64 .
click to focus on most mainstream user-interfaces , such as ones made by microsoft and apple , it is common to find a '' focus follows click '' policy ( or '' click to focus '' ) , where one must click the mouse inside of the window for that window to gain focus .
in the episode , kyle is kidnapped after agreeing to an itunes user agreement , and forced to become part of a '' revolutionary new product '' that is about to be launched by apple .
life cycle of the plum curculio and damage it causes to fruit life stages a female curculio uses a number of hosts to lay her eggs in , including plum , peach , apple , pear , and other pome and stone fruit .
in the end of 2011 , the brand started to offer apple accessories .
fruit species that this species may feed on include figs , such as the sycamore fig and others , marula , date palm fruit , berries from species such as wild olive olea europaea ssp. africana and euphorbia , and commercial fruit such as apple , grape , citruses and others .
beauty of bath is a dessert apple cultivar .
this payphone program innovated many of the techniques commonly used today by companies like apple and blackberry .
lester patel lester patel is a member of the nerd herd who specializes in apple products .
the farms offer customers the chance to pick their own fruits and vegetables , primarily apple and strawberries , or already-harvested produce .
the original name was most likely a play on wine , another emulation layer named after a different alcoholic drink , and cider , an alcoholic drink made from apple .
the coyote feeds on a variety of different fruit , including blackberries , blueberries , peach , pear , apple , prickly pears , chapote , persimmon , and peanut .
she brought in advertisers including visa and apple to sponsor both the spot and additional pieces through via banner ad and product placement .
on august 9 , 2010 , ellison denounced hewlett-packard 's board for firing ceo mark hurd , writing that '' the hp board just made the worst personnel decision since the idiots on the apple board fired steve jobs many years ago .
legacy the game is only compatible with apple computers which use the mac os running on powerpc processors , and it was not ported to the pc .
fruits and plants chè hoa quả mixture of different fruit including pineapple , watermelon , apple , pear , mango , lychee , dried banana , cherry , and dried coconut with milk , yogurt , and syrup chè nhãn - made from longan chè trái cây - made from fruits chè xoài - made from mango chè trái vải - lychee and jelly chè bưởi - made from grapefruit oil and slivered rind chè chuối - made from bananas and tapioca ( vietnamese : bột báng ) chè sầu riêng - made from durian chè thốt nốt - made from sugar palm seeds chè mít - made from jackfruit chè lô hội - made from aloe vera hột é - made from sterculia lychnophora extract and basil seeds one version of the chè thưng mixed chè đậu đỏ bánh lọt - red beans and bánh lọt .
apple uses this on the 2010 and 2011 macbook pro battery access - y1 size .
some of opcode 's ex-employees went on to be part of apple 's mac os x core audio and midi software development .
in september 2009 , the hava player was released to the apple iphone and the ipod touch .
notable examples modern examples of flat design include microsoft 's metro , apple 's os x yosemite , and google 's material design .
history the origins of unicode date to 1987 , when joe becker from xerox and lee collins and mark davis from apple started investigating the practicalities of creating a universal character set .
clarus the dogcow the dogcow , also known as clarus the dogcow , is a bitmap image first introduced by apple .
in the late 1980s , apple computer began giving away hypercard .
the ' summerfree ' is an apple cultivar first developed in italy in the 1990s by crossing ' pri 1956-6 ' and ' ed gould golden ' apples .
fruits include apple , almond , pear , apricot , peach , pistachio , dates and grapes .
approximately 10 million sony batteries used in dell , sony , apple , lenovo , panasonic , toshiba , hitachi , fujitsu and sharp laptops were recalled in 2006 .
third-party support avid 's media composer 3.5.0 provides support via avid media access ( ama ) , a new plug-in architecture apple 's final cut pro 7 provides native avc-intra decoding within a prores 422 timeline .
in food ferulic acid is found in the seeds of coffee , apple , artichoke , peanut , and orange , as well as in both seeds and cell wall of commelinid plants ( such as rice , wheat , oats , the chinese water chestnut ( eleocharis dulcis ) and pineapple ) .
in december 2012 , amazon.com announced that bared to you was # 4 on the e-tailer's list of top 10 best-selling books of 2012 overall ( print and kindle combined ) , apple announced that bared to you was # 5 on itunes ' top ten books of the year , and nielsen announced that bared to you was # 7 on bookscan 's top 10 print book sales of 2012 -- adult fiction .
apple , peach and persimmon brandies were also produced .
morgan creek produces '' southern wines such as muscadine , blueberry and apple , '' and a red wine called '' vulcan red , '' named for the vulcan statue in nearby birmingham .
lx86 was based on the quicktransit dynamic translator from transitive , the same that apple uses for its rosetta emulation layer that enables mac os x to run unmodified powerpc binaries on their intel-based macintoshes .
in may 2011 , apple announced a new line of imac that include the thunderbolt interface .
universal binary in apple parlance , an executable file or application bundle that runs natively on either powerpc or intel - manufactured ia-32 or intel 64 - based macs ; it is an implementation of the concept more generally known as a fat binary .
fruits such as coconut , mango , fig , pomegranate , apple , peach , melon , banana , guava and papaya are also reportedly grown .
the fruit is a round , dry capsule 5 -- 9 mm diameter , containing several glossy brown seed shaped like an apple pip , 4 -- 7 mm long .
boris red is an integrated 3d compositing , titling , and effects application that works with the adobe creative suite , avid , apple , grass valley , media 100 and sony editing systems .
some stores inside the mall include apple , teavana , banana republic , a multi level h&m ( coming 2014 ) , ann taylor , build-a-bear workshop , coach , pandora , sephora , michael kors , white house/black market , williams-sonoma , and a two level dual gender forever 21 history augusta mall had about 90 retail spaces when it first opened , anchored by two department stores : rich's and davison's .
other modern variations include scattering fresh or dried grape between the layers of bread , melting apple into the egg-milk mixture , and using unusual types of breads -- such as brioche -- to make it .
farmer found the soil to be loamy and productive , yielding great quantitites of hay , corn , wheat , potato , oat and apple .
along with his partner at eleison , burns strider , eric founded the mobile gaming app company , christian family games with their first app quickly rising to become the top downloaded christian game on the apple itunes store in early 2013 .
this venture was funded in part by jerome wiesner , richard leghorn of itek , and apple 's john sculley , and won contracts worth $ 7.8 million from the defense advanced research projects agency ( darpa ) .
in keeping with its name , ( literally apple-town ) elmalı produces 12 % of the turkey 's apple .
amirabad is very rich in fruits such as grapes , orange , apple , plum , figs , apricot and many more .
'' avakian said the company hopes to build the apple of tea .
an ssd can also be completely integrated in the other circuitry of the device , as in the apple macbook air ( starting with the fall 2010 model ) .
animal feces fresh bear scat showing a diet of apple bear scat showing consumption of bin bag in garbage horse feces the feces of animals often have special names .
apple , banana , melon , apricot , tomato ( among others ) are climacteric fruit .
it also likes to feed on apple , pear , and plum .
crop-specific symptoms include ; apple - interacting with calcium , may display as '' water core '' , internal areas appearing frozen beetroot - rough , canker patches on roots , internal brown rot .
doctor who : the mazes of time is a video game for the apple ios platform based on the bbc tv series doctor who .
devices apple - iphone 4s , iphone 5 , iphone 5c , iphone 5s with ios 8 .
squeeze operates on the apple macintosh and microsoft windows operating systems .
a couple of other user created template sharing sites also exist : upgrade controversy on october 14 , 2008 , filemaker released bento 2.0 , which contained bug fixes and new features , including integration with apple 's mail .
companies covered include apple , bbc , bskyb , bt , canal+ , channel 4 , ee , dmgt , facebook , channel 5 , google , guardian media group , hibu , hutchison 3g , iliad s.a . , itv , microsoft , nokia , o2 , orange , sfr , sky deutschland , sky italia , t-mobile , talktalk , virgin media , vodafone , yahoo! .
additional economic activities , which are part of the revenue producing activities of the kibbutz , are : apple , avocado and grapefruit orchard , cotton growing , dairy cattle and commercial fish ponds and renting accommodation .
the river allows the río negro province to produce 65 % of the pear and apple of argentina .
based on the experiences of directing able edwards , robertson went on to write the book , desktop cinema : feature filmmaking on the home computer , a step-by-step account into how one would make their own feature film on apple 's macintosh computer .
tech industry figures such as hewlett-packard founders david packard and bill hewlett , intel founders gordon e. moore and andy grove , apple founder steve jobs , oracle corporation founder larry ellison , atari and chuck e. cheese founder nolan bushnell , venture capitalist arthur rock , disk drive inventor reynold b. johnson , sun microsystems founder vinod khosla and many others have been interviewed by the association .
some eee pc lines such as the 1000he and 1215s uses the island-style keyboard , similar to keyboards used in apple computers and sony 's vaio series , where the keys are reminiscent of scrabble tiles , being spaced apart and raised from the surface below .
edmondson focused throughout his radioshack career on marketing these core strengths and established powerful strategic alliances with major technology suppliers , including ibm , compaq , hp , sprint pcs , verizon wireless , cingular wireless , microsoft , rca , dish network , sirius satellite radio , and apple .
in june , 2010 , boarddocs quick adoption of support for the ipad has generated attention for the product on many apple - related news sites .
it comes in grapefruit , orange ( yellow ) , lemon ( greenish-yellow ) , bitter ( herbal extracts ) , and apple flavors .
resedit is a developer tool application for the apple macintosh , used to create and edit resources directly in the mac 's resource fork architecture .
perhaps confusingly , some philosophies refer to tropes ( instances of properties ) as abstract particular -- e.g. , the particular red of a particular apple is an abstract particular .
the itunes charts represent a weekly average of purchases , not just '' a snapshot of the previous 24 hours ' worth of sales , '' as a spokesman for apple reported in a washington post story about the campaign .
list of perennials perennial fruits apple apricot avocado banana blackcurrant blueberry currant feijoa grape kiwi fruit japanese wineberry pear persimmon pineapple plum raspberries strawberry strawberry tree tomato perennial herbs the following perennial plants are used as herb : agastache alfalfa althaea officinalis ( marshmallow ) african blue , east indian chives fennel ferula garlic ginger hops - humulus hyssop horseradish lavender lemon balm mint potato onions , shallots , egyptian onions , japanese bunching onions , welsh onions , chinese leeks oregano piper nigrum ( black pepper ) rosemary sage thyme valerian white horehound - marrubium vulgare achillea millefolium perennial vegetables many vegetable plants can grow as perennials in tropical climates , but die in cold weather .
the company introduced the aac audio compression technology , currently used by apple 's itunes download store .
in november 2009 , a u.s. federal district court ruled psystar violated apple 's copyrights in doing so .
contre jour is a physics-based puzzle video game for standard web browsers ( html5 ) , windows phone , android , apple ios and symbian .
wintek is a maker of electronic components , mainly touch screens for devices such as apple 's iphone .
the apple , pear , cherry , and plum are the most widely grown and eaten , owing to their adaptability .
core data is an object graph and persistence framework provided by apple in the mac os x and ios operating system .
microsoft 's internet explorer and webkit ( the browser engine behind apple 's safari and google chrome ) never supported it , even in its css incarnation .
some gaming websites e.g. pocket gamer link n-gage 's failure to the overwhelming competition it faces from the apple iphone , while ovi gaming cited poor implementation and support from their parent company , nokia .
history development although htc has developed several notable android devices , such as the dream -- the first publicly released android device , it failed to capitalize on the first-mover advantage , and has struggled financially in recent years due to the increasing market share captured by other vendors such as samsung and apple .
his prayer is answered by frigg , wife of odin , who sends him an apple , which is dropped on his lap by frigg 's servant in the form of a crow while rerir is sitting on a mound .
in a piece for the atlantic , ian bogost wrote that its game , visual , and interaction design '' embodied an elegant minimalism '' akin to the bauhausian aesthetic promoted by apple .
the recovery of the global information technology industry was also a factor ; ireland produced 25 % of all european pcs , and apple , dell ( whose major european manufacturing plant was in limerick ) , hp , and ibm all had sizeable irish operations .
acu connected : mobile learning initiative on february 26 , 2008 , acu announced that all incoming freshman classes would receive a free apple iphone or an ipod touch .
in july 2011 , a pedobear iphone application , released on a few weeks earlier on june 25 , was removed from apple 's app store .
trocadero , is a caffeinated apple - and orange flavored soft drink from sweden .
dimatteo also makes fruit wine from apple , blueberries , cranberries , peach , pumpkin , and strawberries .
the mcintosh apple was discovered and cultivated in south dundas near williamsburg .
on 13 april 2010 , apple added support for audio out using mini displayport in their macbook pro product line .
several genera are an alternate host of gymnosporangium rust , which damages apple and other related trees in the subfamily maloideae .
professional life in 1975 , von oech earned his ph.d. from stanford university in the self-created interdisciplinary program '' history of ideas '' shortly afterwards , he began providing services in creativity consulting , working with companies such as apple , ibm , disney , sony , and intel .
icali on june 29 , 2007 lewis waited in line for the long awaited iphone from apple .
because userland jailbreaks exploit holes ( vulnerabilities ) in ios ( not the bootrom , iboot , ibss etc. ) they affect users who are both jailbroken and not jailbroken ( potentially compromising the security of users who have not jailbroken ) , apple patched the exploit on versions 4.0 and 3.2.1 .
with the release of ios 7 in 2013 from apple flat design reached new levels of popularity .
apple , a user of gcc , and a heavy user of both drm and patents decided to switch the compiler in its xcode ide from gcc to clang , another foss compiler , but which is under a permissive license .
on one of the gadget show episodes suzi perry tries to rid him of his '' addiction '' to apple products but fails when it comes to his macbook .
in addition , in certain areas of castile and león , one can find the important production of apple , almond paste , etc. castilian-leonese cuisine is built around stews and asados , as well as a large assortment of desserts .
lehman 's orchard covered more than , with about 40 apricot , pear , peach , crabapple , plum and apple trees in the 1930s , of more than 100 trees at its peak .
in the u.s. , the brown marmorated stink bug feeds , beginning in late may or early june , on a wide range of fruits , vegetables , and other host plant including peach , apple , green bean , soybeans , cherries , raspberries , and pear .
old fashioned , or heritage fruit trees including apple , quince , fig , plum , peach and pear trees are increasingly popular due to their extra flavor and nutritional qualities .
the group , it seems , has uploaded some secret documents , revealing indian government arm-twisting international mobile manufacturers like rim , apple , and nokia to assist in spying uscc .
many examinations are administered at prometric sites including those from nmls , microsoft , ibm , apple , the common admission test ( cat ) of the iims , the european personnel selection office , the medical college admission test ( mcat ) , the graduate record examinations ( gre ) , usmle , the diplomate of national board - common entrance test of national board of examinations , the uniform certified public accountant examination , architect registration examination , the uspto registration examination , and american petroleum institute .
backers included apple co-founder steve wozniak and kickstarter co-founder yancey strickler , who pre-ordered the kit .
products in the caldera include fruits ( apple , grapes , quince fruit , pomegranate , fig , peach and tomato ) and vegetables ( bean , corn , potato , yam , manioc , and peppers ) for local consumption and commercial production .
common hardware reference platform ( chrp ) was a standard system architecture for powerpc - based computer systems published jointly by ibm and apple in 1995 .
bma 's faculty include award-winning professionals and apple - certified trainers .
applications are subject to approval by apple , as outlined in the sdk agreement , for basic reliability testing and other analysis .
over the years , many of arbor lodge 's apple orchards were demolished , but in the 1990s their restoration began with plantings of winesap , golden delicious , red delicious , jonathan , and jonadels .
the stem and foliage are covered thinly in dark glandular hairs and the plant has a scent similar to apple or banana .
zte and china mobile have done turnkey mobile phone network projects in pakistan , ethiopia , etc. mobile phones mobile phone manufacturers bbk coolpad ( yulong ) cect gionee haier hisense huawei konka lenovo ( motorola ) meizu oneplus oppo sagetel ( ningbo bird ) tcl xiaomi zte apple blackberry google htc ( dopod ) lg microsoft ( nokia ) pantech philips samsung sony sharp domestics sales the domestic sales of cell phone made a breakthrough of 100 million in china in 2006 .
it is reported that fabio riccardi , founder of light crafts and the primary developer of lightzone , is now working as an apple employee , as evidenced by his profile .
kahn was a key speaker at the pivotal gay rights conference on the apple campus on october 19 , 1993 .
tameka 's other favorite items include brazil nut , water melon , apple and rum .
structure of proanthocyanidins distribution in plants proanthocyanidins , including the lesser bioactive / bioavailable polymers ( 4 or more catechines ) represent a group of condensed flavan-3-ols , such as procyanidins , prodelphinidins and propelargonidins , that can be found in many plants , most notably apple , maritime pine bark , cinnamon , aronia fruit , cocoa bean , grape seed , grape skin ( procyanidins and prodelphinidin ) , and red wine of vitis vinifera ( the european wine grape ) .
the fruit is an edible oval drupe deep ; when immature it is smooth-green , with the consistency and taste of an apple , maturing brown to purplish-black and eventually wrinkled , looking like a small date .
converting an old apple - fruit press originally used for making cider , paper was initially produced by hand using the locally developed st decumans process which utilisd a vat , to produce one cart of paper product per week .
the rather absurd legal precedent in digidyne v. data general regarding bundling has never been applied to apple , which might never have been as profitable as it is today had it been forced to license its macintosh operating systems to competitors ( although it did do so temporarily , voluntarily , on a limited scale and for a limited period of time ) .
talsi 's history is in its calm , cobbled streets and in its well-preserved parks , which feature cherry and apple tree gardens .
track listings cd 7 '' single 1 7 '' single 2 track listing controversy the track '' these four walls and i '' is available only through vinyl , this has sparked many complaints on the official fan forum as many complained that it is virtually impossible for them to get hold of the track as they do not own a vinyl player and even if they did , it would cost them too much hassle and money to convert the song to mp3 format to make it possible to hear the track on an mp3 player such as apple 's ipod or on a pc .
the town center comprises retail outlets and a number of office buildings , including the main european offices of several international companies including canon , pricewaterhousecoopers , apple , wms gaming , unisys , kuehne + nagel , parexel , xerox , arri , bristol-myers squibb , monster energy , apl , herbalife europe and anixter international .
therefore pectinase enzymes are commonly used in processes involving the degradation of plant materials , such as speeding up the extraction of fruit juice from fruit , including apple and sapota .
apple has been a notable example of using this strategy with its introduction of ipod personal music players , and ipad tablets .
he has apple 's iphone smartphone , and frequently uses it during investigations .
in 1797 he published a treatise on the culture of the apple and pear , and on the manufacture of cider and perry , a work which passed through several editions .
another release of tootsie roll pops , named tropical stormz , features six swirl-textured flavors : orange pineapple , lemon lime , strawberry banana , apple blueberry , citrus punch , and berry berry punch .
other exotic species included acacia mollissima , cupressus macrocarpa , eucalyptus cladocalyx , e. diversicolor , e. globulus , e. ovata , e. paniculata , e. pilularis , liriodendron tulipifera , apple , guava and quince .
economy the economy of tsuruta is heavily dependent on horticulture , especially for apple .
this is the second apple phone to include its new sony made 8mp camera .
the episode introduces sabre 's pyramid tablet , a device that serves as a parody of several tablet computer , specifically the apple ipad .
in 2001 , hcps began distributing apple ibook to every high school student .
pixlet is a video codec created by apple and based on wavelet , designed to enable viewing of full resolution , hd movies in real time at low dv data rates .
as of 2014 , iwireless now offers apple brand smartphones as well as some other popular smartphones .
in order to charge an apple laptop , the powergorilla requires a magsafe airline adapter .
a waldorf salad is a salad generally made of fresh apple , celery and walnut , dressed in mayonnaise , and usually served on a bed of lettuce as an appetizer or a light meal .
its fruits , which are similar in appearance to an apple , are green or greenish-yellow when ripe .
in 1914 , the family moved to the rural community of bagdad , where they grew apple trees .
february 26 60 minutes airs a report claiming that apple sprayed with alar may cause cancer in children , leading many schools to remove apples from their cafeterias .
this platform won much respect from its peers ( including praise from steve jobs the noted entrepreneur and founder of apple ) but was compromised by some of the shortcuts taken in the hardware for the initial webos , and indeed palm 's final device offerings , the palm pre , and palm pixi .
hub network also made a parody of apple 's - oriented app store , which included the phrase , '' there 's a pony for that .
intel and microsoft built their first overseas research and development centers in israel , and other high-tech multi-national corporations , such as ibm , google , apple , hp , cisco systems , and motorola , have opened r & d facilities in the country .
propagation via root cuttings requires adventitious bud formation , e.g. in horseradish and apple .
webkit project was started within apple by don melton on 25 june 2001 as a fork of khtml .
she worked at apple on itunes and later spent four years at google , where she worked on projects such as google tv , google maps , google search , and igoogle .
a demo at google i/o 2012 showed samsung galaxy nexus and nexus&nbsp;7 users connecting to the nexus q over wifi and selecting music and video to be played by the q. this functionality is similar to apple 's airplay technology , however , unlike airplay , where content is streamed directly from the controlling device , an android device merely tells the q what content to play , and then the content is streamed directly from google play to the q over the internet .
the larvae feed on birch , tilia , and apple .
in january 2013 , lot18 acquired the assets of santa rosa , calif. , based tasting room , which was founded by former apple executive tim bucher , and had developed a system for creating sampler kits with 50 milliliter bottles .
brief notes serial number : 610624 postal code : 717400 county office : in zhen wu dong ( 真武洞 ) districts of administration : economy ansai county is a traditionally agricultural county where vegetable , livestock , apple , apricot are produced .
founderscard also offers travel , lifestyle , and business benefits geared specifically toward entrepreneurs including apple , virgin atlantic , and at & t wireless , as well as offers from innovative companies founded by fellow members .
'' in december 2011 , contre jour hd received the '' ipad game of the year '' award by apple in their annual '' itunes rewind .
in addition , the domain is also used by multinational concerns , such as microsoft , apple and ford , which have their russian pages registered in the .
jpg apple , banana , carrot , and lettuce extraction using acetone , water , and dichloromethane .
an ios version developed by chillingo , over the top games and borne games was released on the apple app store on march 4 , 2012 .
sage fruit company is located in the heart of apple country in the pacific northwest .
the mini-dvi connector is used on certain apple computers as a digital alternative to the mini-vga connector .
the music video for the single was directed by michelle hibbert and was featured on the first ever south african apple ipod nano commercial in 2007 and 2008 '' just like you are '' was also featured on a television campaign for local clothing store mr price and the south african student life magazine the second single , '' last week '' was banned from south african television due to the video 's violent nature the band released a cover version of the song nothing compares 2 u written in the 1980s by prince for the family and recorded by sinéad o'connor in 1990 '' do do do '' the first single from hey !
while windows machines asp fell $ 129 in these seven months , apple ( mac ) os x laptop asp declined just $ 12 from $ 1,524 to $ 1,512 .
'' he starts off the class with passionfruit , but the whole class complains that they 've already done passionfruit , in addition to oranges , apple , grapefruit ( whole and segmented ) , pomegranate , greengage , grape , lemon , plum , mango in syrup , and cherries ( red and black ) .
voting members included 3dlabs , apple , ati , dell , ibm , intel , nvidia , sgi and sun microsystems , plus other contributing members .
leverage was originally edited in apple 's final cut studio pro 7 , but has used final cut pro x in the later seasons .
fruit trees in orchard produce cherries , apple , plum , peach and pear , while native wild grape vines , and blackberry bushes are also found in the valley .
girdling is commonly used on grape , avocado , apple , litchi , mango , citrus and other trees .
traditionally rugby union and cricket playing areas , there is a three counties showground situated in the worcestershire town of malvern that holds an annual agricultural show , and the area is also referred to in the names of local businesses and in the three counties cider and perry association - the popular apple and pear derived alcoholic beverages some of the finest of which are made in this area .
the pa6t was the first power architecture core to be designed from scratch outside the aim alliance ( i.e. not by apple , ibm , or motorola / freescale ) in ten years .
the 604 was used extensively in apple 's high-end systems and was also used in macintosh clone , ibm 's low-end rs/6000 servers and workstations , amiga accelerator boards , and as an embedded cpu for telecom applications .
history appgratis started as a newsletter listing daily app deals from the app store for apple users in 2008 .
history official support for mac os 9 ( and mac os 8.6 ) in the mozilla application suite ended with the release of mozilla 1.2.1 in 2002 , coincident with apple ending support for their legacy operating system .
company description entellium was founded in kuala lumpur , malaysia , in may 2000 by paul johnston , a former apple sales executive .
he had been contacted by apple to see if he would consider to bring revolution 's classic titles to the app store , and cecil on his turn had contacted dave gibbons to work on new editions of beneath a steel sky , broken sword : the shadow of the templars -- the director 's cut and broken sword : the smoking mirror -- remastered ( 2010 ) .
however , it also elicited the attention of university of california , berkeley engineering student and future apple co-founder steve wozniak , who located draper while working as an engineer at kkup , a public radio station in cupertino , california .
this hadnset has a 4.3 inch , ips wvga capacitive display ( ips lcd panel type is a very high quality display that 's been used in apple products as well ) 480x800 pixels .
orchards in the area produce apple , pear , plum and cherries .
it is set in the aptly named '' pixel universe '' , inhabited by pixel , voxel , vectors , plasmas ( a satire on the plasma screens used by apple computers ) , and polygon .
in the mid-1980s , apple considered buying xerox ; however , a deal was never reached .
together with narell , he created the original music for apple 's early/mid 1980s products , iie , lisa , and macintosh .
he also had an interest in telecommunications , sparked by the first apple computers , and became known as a telecommunications whiz whose successes included a crusade to boost internet access in remote alaska villages .
this purchase was made in part to help google gain motorola 's considerable patent portfolio on mobile phones and wireless technologies to help protect it in its ongoing patent disputes with other companies , mainly apple and microsoft and to allow it to continue to freely offer android .
xango juice composition xango juice is a blend of mangosteen aril and pericarp purée with juice concentrates of eight other fruits : apple , pear ( juice and purée ) , grape , blueberry , raspberry , strawberry , cranberry and cherry .
the crew filmed scenes for the park 's labs and control room , which used animations for the computers lent from silicon graphics and apple .
other major clients of the firm have included general motors , brown & williamson , motorola , conseco , honeywell , s. c. johnson & son , apple , intel , raytheon , schering-plough , samsung electronics , siemens ag , charter communications and westinghouse electric company .
agriculture it produces principally maize , plum , apple , pea and faba bean .
the original idea for canvas came from jorge miranda , one of the founders of deneba systems inc . of miami florida , for apple 's macintosh computers -- part of the wave of programs that made the desktop publishing revolution .
in celebration , the king announces a banquet and offers his daughter 's hand in marriage to any one of the knight who can catch a golden apple that will be thrown into their midst .
a version was also released for the apple macintosh , compatible with computers running the '' classic '' mac os from the system 6 version up to mac os 9 .
wheat is the most commonly grown product ; however , large amounts of apple , corn , grape are also grown , along with potato , and other products including asparagus .
in 2011 , prior to the publification of mac os x lion , he accused apple of doing too little for its security .
more recently similar products have been introduced in a wider variety of colors and flavors including apple , mango , blackcurrant , and watermelon , among others .
sanuk games sarl , a video game publisher based in the rhône-alpes region of france sanuk games is licensed to develop on nintendo , sony playstation , microsoft xbox and apple ios systems .
the graphic novel depicts the period of steve jobs ' life in the late 1980s following his exit from apple and then his later return to the company .
in computing , launchd , a unified , open-source service-management framework , starts , stops and manages daemons , application , processes , and scripts in apple os x environments .
the term , which derived from the words costard ( a type of apple ) and monger , i.e. '' seller '' , came to be particularly associated with the '' barrow boys '' of london who would sell their produce from a wheelbarrow or wheeled market stall .
elsewhere druids made their wands from only three woods : yew , oak , and apple .
educational materials distinguishing green and blue only came into use after world war ii , during the occupation : thus , even though most japanese consider them to be green , the word ao is still used to describe certain vegetable , apple and vegetation .
later in 2010 , frank and the ccaf , citing american law institute guidelines on cy-près , objected to apple 's settlement of a securities class action over their backdating , arguing that giving money to third parties affiliated with the class counsel instead of to the class was a breach of fiduciary duty .
other uses the oil of the flower may be added to perfume to infuse an apple scent into them .
history opentype 's origins date to microsoft 's attempt to license apple 's advanced typography technology gx typography in the early 1990s .
dessert versions of the dumpling can be stuffed with a fresh fruit filling , such as cherry , strawberry , saskatoon berry , raspberry , blueberry , peach , plum , or apple ; stoned prune are sometimes used as well as jam or sweetened curd .
the valley is home to many of the industry leaders in technology such as google , yahoo! , facebook , ebay , cisco , apple , oracle , marvell , intel , and hewlett-packard .
they hand-dyed the wools with fruit and vegetable dyes , such as the bark of apple trees , yellow oak and maple ; goldenrod , barberry , st. john 's wort and madder root .
cricketpaint was a second generation 1-bit ( black and white ) painting software program for the apple macintosh by cricket software .
miller has publicly demonstrated many security exploits of apple products .
additionally , all students and teachers have the latest apple laptops and are connected via a wireless network .
uses depending on the thickness and taste , fruit peel is sometimes eaten as part of the fruit , such as with apple .
maine 's maine learning technology initiative program supplies all students with apple macbook laptops .
left to recover after the war , the island 's plant life now includes remnant patches of stands of poplar , pine and spruce , together with successional species such as staghorn sumac , black cherry , chokecherry , apple , and gray birch .
when apple was ordered to display acknowledgements that samsung did not infringe their designs , complaints surfaced because javascript code on its uk webpage kept the acknowledgement hidden '' below the fold '' .
2 was released august 7 , 2007 worldwide on with global distribution assistance from apple itunes , emusic , yahoo , and sony .
it created commsec iphone edition for the apple iphone , the first home-grown iphone application in australia .
) or the apple ( malus domestica ) .
notable horticultural crops include kiwifruit , apple and avocado .
infestations by the beetle can kill many different types of hardwood trees as well as citrus trees , pecan , apple , australian pine , hibiscus , sycamore , willow , pear , mulberry , pigeon pea , chinaberry , poplar , litchi , kumquat , japanese red cedar , oak , and ficus .
wheat and oat are the main products grown , as well as potato , apple , and walnut .
adam cheyer is a co-founder of siri and formerly a director of engineering in the iphone group at apple .
the comparatively mild micro-climate produced by the valley 's north and south mountain ranges , as well as its proximity to the waters of the bay of fundy make the region ideal for fruit crops such as apple .
perhaps the most common pieces of electronic equipment to have used this processor are : danger hiptop audio controller in the sega dreamcast d-link dsl-604 + wireless adsl router ipod from apple iriver portable digital audio players ( the h10 uses a chip with this processor ) juice box lego mindstorms nxt ( atmel at91sam7 s256 ) most of nokia 's mobile phone range .
for example , microsoft makes the microsoft windows api public , and apple releases its apis carbon and cocoa , so that software can be written for their platform .
although most fonts do not include the interrobang , it has not disappeared : lucida grande , the default font for many ui elements of apple 's os x operating system , includes the interrobang , and microsoft provides several versions of the interrobang character as part of the wingdings 2 character set ( on the right bracket and tilde keys on us keyboard layouts ) available with microsoft office .
steve jobs invited mayer to perform during apple 's annual keynote address at the macworld conference & expo in january 2004 as jobs introduced the music production software garageband .
in the late 1980s , automatix replaced the proprietary 68000 computer in its vision products with an apple macintosh ii .
motorola made a key hire of the engineer who set up the automated factory for apple 's macintosh .
some implementations of open firmware can also load elf files , most notably apple 's implementation used in almost all powerpc machines the company produced .
diplocarpon mali is a plant pathogen that causes marssonina blotch on apple .
his many presentations include keynote addresses in china , australia , canada , and the us as well as consultancies in malaysia , singapore , hong kong , and throughout the us with companies including apple , hewlett-packard , pacific bell , the internal revenue service .
'' app store '' trademark due to its popularity , the term '' app store '' ( first used by apple 's app store for the iphone , ipod touch , and ipad lines ) has frequently been used as a generic trademark to refer to other distribution platforms of a similar nature on both mobile devices and other platforms such as smart tv .
cava also makes fruit wine from açaí berries , apple , blackberries , blueberries , kiwifruit , peach , pear , pomegranate , raspberries , strawberries , and watermelon .
the word manzana means apple in the spanish language .
in 2005 , peiker developed the first full in-car integration system for the apple ipod .
'' apple included an image of ama dablam by photographer nick meek in the set of new wallpapers included with the mobile operating system ios 7 , released on september 18 , 2013 .
both caesalpino and ray used traditional plant names and thus , the name of a plant did not reflect its taxonomic position ( e.g. , even though the apple and the peach belonged to different '' higher genera '' of john ray 's methodus , both retained their traditional names malus and malus persica respectively ) .
the much sought-after winter apple , and especially the glan plum were sent by the wagonload in the months of september and october as far as hamburg .
the company has affiliations with more than 3,000 online retailers including amazon , target , staples , best buy and apple .
it also likes to feed on apple , rowan , and sweet chestnut .
wireless products and services subscriber devices sprint has a variety of wireless and mobile broadband products selection from a full range of manufactures , that are preloaded with the largest mobile operating systems including google 's android , apple 's ios , and microsoft 's windows phone .
'' on the apple website , a description of the movie love reads as follows : '' after losing contact with earth , astronaut lee miller ( gunner wright ) becomes stranded in orbit alone aboard the international space station .
warner developed into a prosperous farming community which produced meat , dairy goods , vegetable , hay and apple .
a waldorf salad : apple , celery , walnut and grapes , dressed in mayonnaise .
swift is a multi-paradigm , compiled programming language created by apple for ios and os&nbsp;x development .
on january 26 , 2009 , mtv and apple made all three collections available on the itunes store .
sol republic 's main distribution channels at that time were through apple , radioshack , and best buy .
corporations such as nike , apple and many automotive manufacturers recognize the way design and marketing influence each other .
apples and pears podosphaera leucotricha is a fungus that can cause powdery mildew of apple and pear .
ibm convinced a group of computer industry experts ( among them apple , dell , etc. ) to form a working group .
in an attempt to correct this situation , apple federal systems has done work for adding some support for common access cards to their later snow leopard operating system updates out of the box using the muscle ( movement for the use of smartcards in a linux environment ) project .
he became principal engineer for technorati after working for both apple and the bbc .
the following are a few examples of first-movers whose market share was subsequently eroded by second-movers : atari vs. nintendo ; apple 's newton pda vs. palm pilot pda ; charles stack online bookstore vs. amazon.com ; although the public was largely unaware of charles stack online bookstore and a compelling argument can be made that amazon has had much more success than the second-mover barnesandnoble.com second mover firms are sometimes called '' fast followers '' .
the project featured kyma software instruments , a roland mc-505 , a roland mc-303 , sequenced on an apple power mac g4 using steinberg cubase .
markoff was one of a team of new york times reporters who won the 2013 pulitzer prize for explanatory reporting , for a series of 10 articles on the business practices of apple and other technology companies .
in 2003 , audible made an exclusive deal with apple to provide their catalog of books on the itunes music store .
she has successfully taken on taoiseach enda kenny , addressed the united nations and discussed technology with massachusetts institute of technology ( mit ) and apple .
legal issues creative labs , the american subsidiary of creative technology , was awarded a patent on a music management interface ( now commonly seen on audio players , including the apple ipod ) by the us patent and trademark office on 25 august 2005 , having applying for it on 5 january 2001 .
aged edam is often eaten with traditional '' cheese fruits '' like pear and apple .
' belle de boskoop ' is an apple cultivar which , as its name suggests , originated in boskoop , the netherlands where it began as a chance seedling in 1856 .
claygate pearmain claygate pearmain is a cultivar of apple .
sony states that movieshaker requires a pre-installation of apple quicktime 5.0 or higher .
research in motion is continuing to lose market share to apple and android smartphones .
omena means also an apple in finnish .
xslimmer is an application for apple 's mac os x developed by latenitesoft .
in the 1990s , long after the other products in the range had been discontinued , the tango brand was expanded into other flavors , including apple , lemon , cherry , blackcurrant , and later '' fruit fling '' .
every autumn , the many different kind of apple - sorts that are represented in the almost hundred trees , becomes mature .
apple introduced the packbits format with the release of macpaint on the macintosh computer .
his column has covered companies such as sears , apple , samsung , and many others .
the game is played by filling a tub or a large basin with water and putting apple in the water .
the app was released for apple ios devices on 16 december 2010 and for android on 17 august 2011 .
in 1998 , when apple user share was down to 4 % of the computer user market and power computing was making mac clones , peachpit was still publishing a large portion of its books in the mac space .
juice extraction rice hulls are used as a '' press aid '' to improve extraction efficiency of apple pressing .
on october 7 , 2008 , clear channel radio launched the first version of the free streaming radio application known as iheartradio to the apple iphone and ipod touch through the app store ; 12 stations in 8 markets were included in this first release .
farms produced hay , potato , apple and pear .
' ribston pippin ' is a triploid cultivar of apple , also known as ` essex pippin ' , ` beautiful pippin ' , ` formosa ' , ` glory of york ' , ` ribstone ' , ` rockhill 's russet ' and ` travers ' .
an ipod click wheel game or ipod game is a video game playable on the various versions of the apple portable media player , the ipod .
fourth place was awarded to a cuba postman named felix carbajal , despite falling ill to apple he ate from an orchard en route .
the recipe for tart de brymlent , a fish pie from the recipe collection forme of cury , includes a mix of fig , raisin , apple and pear with fish ( salmon , codling or haddock ) and pitted damson plum under the top crust .
nettop the apple mac mini is one of the most popular miniature pcs .
the knolls agreed on a deal with adobe systems and apple , and photoshop 1.0 was released in 1991 for macintosh .
steve jobs -- apple ceo who appears on weekend update to show off strange new technology .
ostype ( uti string for apple 's ostype ) org .
fruits grown in israel include avocados , banana , apple , cherries , plum , nectarine , grape , dates , strawberries , ) , persimmon , loquat ( shesek ) and pomegranate , and are eaten on a regular basis : israelis consume an average of nearly of fruit per person a year .
the company grew in size and sales , and had a publishing orientation towards books relating to apple computers , and was described as a leader in books about digital graphics .
skiena played a role in the conception of the apple ipad .
in 1994 , chahil organized a meeting between apple ceo michael spindler and indian prime minister p.v . narasimha rao and finance minister manmohan singh ( later prime minister ) .
kurzweil touches on some modern applications of advanced ai including google 's self-driving cars , ibm 's watson which beat the best human players at the game jeopardy! , the siri personal assistant in the apple iphone or its competitor google voice search .
foxconn in 2012 , newspapers reported calls by consumer groups to boycott apple products in response to accounts of worker suicides and dangerous working conditions at the foxconn plant in china .
streams are also available via the radio disney mobile app for apple ios devices and on xbox 360 consoles via the iheartradio application .
basque cider is an apple cider from the basque region of europe served at sagardotegi ( cider house ) .
etymology word tufahija has origin in arabic language , word tuffàh ( ) means apple .
esolar is honored alongside such companies as google , apple , twitter , and ibm .
the song was licensed by apple and used as the introduction music for the mac os x v10.3 setup assistant .
during the interview for italian newspaper corriere della sera , schmidt stated that the software company would have strong competition against apple , the designer of the ipad line of tablets .
a significant portion of washington apple and cherries are grown in the valley , as well as most ( 75 % ) of the united states 's hops .
the larvae feed on apple , crataegus , cerasus , pyrus , armeniaca , persica and prunus species ( including prunus sargentii ) .
hamantashen are made with many different fillings , including poppy seed ( the oldest and most traditional variety ) , prune , nut , date , apricot , raspberry , apple , fruit preserves in a lekvar style , cherry , chocolate , dulce de leche , halva , or even caramel or cheese .
the fruit is a large as a small apple .
online distribution in january 2006 , apple began offering the miniseries , season 1 and season 2 episodes for purchase on the u.s. version of its itunes store .
in recent years , indigo has partnered with apple and iuniverse publishing .
he fearlessly combined cubism and cartooning , art historical tradition and the latest apple product , employing the artistic canon like a box of crayons to be mixed and matched at will .
in 2006 the committers list was first joined by a developer from apple , laurent sansonetti , and then a rubycocoa presentation was made during wwdc .
apple announced the game as their iphone game of the year in 2011 .
information security in june 2010 , a hacker group known as goatse security discovered a vulnerability within the at & t that could allow anyone to uncover email addresses belonging to customers of at & t 3g service for the apple ipad .
in 2011 the bill was amended further to include ; apple , ginger , passion fruit , peach and pear wine in 2013 , the state assembly unanimously passed a resolution to study the impact of liquor prohibition .
other fruits include nightshade , apple and pear .
the pome fruits of the family rosaceae , ( including apple , pear , rosehip , and saskatoon berry ) are a syncarpous fleshy fruit , a simple fruit , developing from a half-inferior ovary .
in addition to windows and linux , the switch to sdl enabled pingus to be easily built on other platforms , including apple 's os x .
these companies included at&t , ibm , apple , harley-davidson , unilever , ford motor company , chrysler , mcdonald’s , wendy’s , subway , hershey foods and campbell soup .
it was based on the apple macintosh computer platform ( macintosh ii systems were used ) with special hardware and software developed and installed by avid .
the national association of music merchants supported the 2011 bill because it would have required online music sellers such as apple 's itunes to pay the tax to some participating states .
fruits fruit in the traditional cottage garden would have included an apple and a pear , for cider and perry , gooseberries and raspberries .
promotion prior to the release of the album , four promotional singles were released exclusively on apple 's itunes store as a '' countdown to meet the orphans '' .
smart communications followed suit in december 2011 by launching the iphone 4s in the philippines making them the last telecommunications company to carry apple 's iphone in southeast asia .
places of worship ryde contains st anne 's anglican church , church street , which has the grave of maria ann sherwood smith , in whose orchards the granny smith apple was first found .
the most recent full version of championship manager was championship manager 2010 , with an apple mobile game in 2011 the final game to date released by eidos .
cowan is credited with bringing the first apple trees to the state of michigan in 1796 , a variety similar to the red calville which he brought to detroit .
apple has been the primary driver of thunderbolt adoption through 2011 , though several other vendors have announced new products and systems featuring thunderbolt .
he is frequently credited as being responsible for the introduction of the rhode island greening apple as part of his merchant business and horticultural interests .
in october 2008 , apple released a commercial for a new iphone , that showed a clip of braun 's 10th inning walk-off grand slam against the pittsburgh pirates on september 25 , 2008 , which kept the brewers ' wild card hopes alive .
literally ' apple - pale ' .
the final version took four months of post-production , using off-the-shelf software from electric image , adobe , and apple , and about $ 3,000 in out-of-pocket costs .
the investment was largely seen as risky because many believed skype would be crippled by intellectual property litigation ( initiated by skype 's founders ) and direct competitive attacks from google and apple .
apple picked the biophilia app as one of the top 5 music apps of 2011 .
they also eat crops such as apple , and will raid maize and sorghum .
the grounds are decorated with apple , dogwood , maple , mimosa , and pear trees .
sources and production pear , apple , guava , quince , plum , gooseberries , oranges and other citrus fruits , contain large amounts of pectin , while soft fruits like cherries , grape and strawberries contain small amounts of pectin .
altivec is a floating point and integer simd instruction set designed and owned by apple , ibm and freescale semiconductor , formerly the semiconductor products sector of motorola , ( the aim alliance ) , and implemented on versions of the powerpc including motorola 's g4 , ibm 's g5 and power6 processors , and p.a . semi 's pwrficient pa6t .
apple had no objection to the project since wozniak had given his approval and the design is technically wozniak 's alone since it predates the company itself .
in popular culture a clip of this film was used in one of the first apple iphone commercials , where jerry and other notable actors pick up the phone and say '' hello ?
athens was one of the original bitmap typeface for the apple macintosh computer .
orchard yielded apple and other fruit .
people are associated with the business of apple and other fruits .
di montefiascone as mildly aromatic with apple notes and high acidity .
apple rejected the app three times , calling its content '' crude and objectionable '' .
gvarv is famous for its apple , sweet cherries and sour cherries ( as is the whole sauherad municipality ) .
fruit that is traditionally associated with danish cuisine : apple ( æbler ) popular in traditional dishes as ` winter apples ' store well .
with the advent of apple 's ipod , several companies worked to enable mobile phones and other handheld and portable devices with the ability to access music ( and subsequently video ) over the network in a legal manner .
long , hodgman 's co-star in the long-running series of apple 's commercials , asked him what the project was , and he then signed on , without still knowing too much .
each abr video is encoded at multiple bitrates , each broken into '' chunks '' of varying lengths ( e.g. , apple 's http live streaming generally uses 10s chunks ) .
the show 's title is based on the rumor of isaac newton sitting under a tree and an apple falling near him -- or , more popularly , on his head -- prompting him to ponder what makes things fall , leading to the development of his theory of gravitation ( an event often loosely described as him '' discovering '' gravity ) .
this change was a response to the introduction of hulu and to apple 's new video rental services .
in 1981 , the third ball was revamped in honor of the i love new york campaign , with red lightbulbs and a green stem to give it the appearance of an apple .
in mid-july 2011 , adams best vanilla , six other extracts , and food colors were added as a feature product in the popular apple itunes app , '' cupcakes !
some apple orchards are raised on lower slopes .
release promotion '' vertigo '' was featured on a widely-aired television commercial for the apple ipod .
other uses of forth include the open firmware boot roms used by apple , ibm , sun , and olpc xo-1 ; and the - based first stage boot controller of the freebsd operating system .
apple launches its itunes music store , an online download music store , for the microsoft windows platform .
apple iphone os 3.0 launch ( 17 march 2009 ) : while demonstrating cut and paste features on the iphone 3g , scott forstall is seen creating an email which shows the times of a flight he has booked on oceanic flight 815 .
a good portion of the population is engaged in agriculture , especially fruits such as apple , pear , plum , strawberries , and raspberries on farms and gardens in the village .
user interface caps lock on an apple wireless keyboard .
he engaged in farming , especially apple growing .
the bazaar also sell pomegranate , apricot , plum , peach , apple , pear , figs , and persimmon .
he is also credited with the integration of twitter into apple 's ios 5 .
the apple factory where the first mac computer was manufactured was located in fremont ( production ceased in 1993 ) .
macrumors.com is a website that aggregates mac and apple related news , rumor , and reports .
economy loutrochori produces cherries , apple , some strawberries and peach .
in 1959 , barclay hauled several wagonloads of apple to the roadside and set up a makeshift stand .
itrack solo is an interface for recording instruments and vocals using an apple ipad .
other ingredients often include sugar , salt , lemon juice , and sometimes caraway , apple , dry red wine , cloves , and chopped parsley .
version 7 of apple 's ios makes similar changes for user experience reasons .
apple , with this addition to ios , users receive a push notification letting them know the updates have been downloaded , and are ready to be installed , very similar to android .
they are either wafer-thin , as crepes are , or made from a yeast-risen batter , often mixed with grated apple or potato .
along with adobe 's postscript , photoshop and apple 's computers , quarkxpress could be considered one of the founding blocks of desktop publishing .
he patented techniques such as voicemail-to-email , visual voicemail , and enhanced caller id , innovations later deployed by google voice and apple .
sculley was vice-president ( 1970 -- 1977 ) and president of pepsico ( 1977 -- 1983 ) , until he became ceo of apple on april 8 , 1983 , a position he held until leaving in 1993 .
the larvae feed on various deciduous trees and shrubs , such as rubus , apple , prunus , vaccinium and oak .
mac os x snow leopard ( version 10.6 ) is the seventh major release of mac os x , apple 's desktop and server operating system for macintosh computers .
ruddles orchard - this 4.2 % cask bitter consists of ruddles county with the addition of apple concentrate .
in captivity , the binturong 's diet includes commercially prepared meat mix , banana , apple , oranges , canned peach and mineral supplement .
since opening his own studio , which currently has 8 employees , jarvis has photographed for volvo , nike , apple , microsoft , columbia sportswear , rei , honda , subaru , polaroid , lady gaga , and red bull .
apple were an important agricultural product of the area ; and oriental powder company mills adjacent to the canal in windham manufactured nearly 25 % of the union gunpowder supply for the american civil war .
after teabing is arrested , it is revealed that langdon had cracked the code ( ' apple ' , a reference to newton ) and removed the clue from the cryptex before throwing it .
maiden is also known for being home to apple 's '' cloud '' data center , covering , that stores information that can be sent/received through icloud .
the province 's major and more profitable crops include cereals ( rice , wheat , and maize among them ) , vegetables ( tomato , cauliflower , lettuce , onions , and artichoke ) , legumes ( lentils and beans ) , fruit ( especially kiwi fruit , pears , apple , berries , table grape , melons , watermelons , peaches , and nectarine ) , and sugar beet .
'' the synthesized voices at the end of the song appear courtesy of the macintalk speech feature of apple 's macintosh computers .
hachette digital titles are available from the major uk ebook retailers , including the amazon 's kindle store , waterstones , whsmith and apple 's ibookstore .
the digital audio access protocol ( daap ) is the proprietary protocol introduced by apple in its itunes software to share media across a local network .
the following may , domestic and international teaser trailers for ghost rider were launched at apple .
the most common version of unix ( bearing certification ) is apple 's os x , while linux is the most popular non-certified workalike .
he designs specifically for apple and microsoft computer .
in canada , the raspberry / apple flavor is replaced with tangerine .
apple announced mobileme at wwdc in 2008 , noting that much of it was built using sproutcore .
five a day is an arcade multi-scrolling shooter game for ios devices developed by jeff minter and ivan zorzin of llamasoft and published via the apple app store .
she has also received the acm sigchi lifetime service award , the chcss lifetime career award , the 2010 upa lifetime achievement , and an apple design award .
since its creation apple has added additional verifications to the finder to prevent such an attack .
the single event that had the most influence on the creation of the league was apple 's lawsuits against microsoft about supposed copyrights violations of the look and feel of the macintosh as copied in microsoft windows .
in 2007 , reports surfaced that google was planning the release of its own mobile phone , possibly a competitor to apple 's iphone .
the taste is difficult to compare , but it has been likened to a mix of apple , pear , grape , and citrus family fruits .
solid pdf to word for mac was released in april 2010 allowing apple users to manipulate documents out of pdf into word , excel , html , text , or iwork formats .
at the 2009 game developers conference , xgen studios announced that the game would soon be released for the apple ios .
apple introduces the imac computer , initiating a trend in computer design towards translucent plastics and multicolor case design , discontinuing many legacy technologies like serial port , and beginning a resurgence in the company 's fortunes that continues unabated to this day .
they are small bundles of sclerenchyma tissue in plant that form durable layers , such as the cores of apple and the gritty texture of pear .
plot summary a small worm is attempting to dine on a large delicious apple when he is attacked by a hungry black crow .
the currency sign was once a part of the mac os roman character set , but apple changed the symbol at that code point to the euro sign ( mac os 8.5 .
in march 1985 , the apple laserwriter was the first printer to ship with postscript , sparking the desktop publishing ( dtp ) revolution in the mid-1980s .
connecticut 's produce increased in variety to include apple , barley , beets , carrot , cabbage , herbs , lettuce , oat , onion , parsnip , pear , pea , radish , turnip , wheat and broadleaf tobacco .
the school has during its history educated many professionals in key positions around the world in such companies as honda , toyota , apple , marimekko , nokia and h&m .
similar to glib , apple 's cross-platform core foundation framework provides several basic data types .
clobbler -- the clobblers are apple - shaped monsters that appear in .
g-technology external storage products , acquired in 2009 , are sold to apple macintosh communities , including users of multimedia content such as final cut pro digital audio/video production professionals .
in 2004 , washington ranked first in the nation in production of red raspberries ( 90.0 % of total u.s. production ) , wrinkled seed pea ( 80.6 % ) , hops ( 75.0 % ) , spearmint oil ( 73.6 % ) , apple ( 58.1 % ) , sweet cherries ( 47.3 % ) , pear ( 42.6 % ) , peppermint oil ( 40.3 % ) , concord grape ( 39.3 % ) , carrot for processing ( 36.8 % ) , and niagara grape ( 31.6 % ) .
costing us$ 5.2 million , it was originally composed of 1,100 apple power mac g5 computers with dual 2.0 ghz processors .
this project was intended to provide competition for apple and hardly fit in with sinclair's focus on inexpensive consumer-oriented products .
'' there he planted species from the mountains of asia , north america , and the caucasus , and by 1908 was growing 93 trees , including 19 apple varieties , 9 pear , 7 plum , 2 rose varieties , many shrub , and 401 herbaceous species .
the area around alexandreia has the greatest production of peach in greece and apple , pear , tobacco , and cotton are also grown at large .
reception the game was very well received on apple app store , boasting a 4 1/2 out of 5 stars .
some have compared apple 's ipad and amazon 's kindle to the hitchhiker 's guide ; indeed fans have designed '' do n't panic '' covers for both .
the calendar and contacts server project is an apple developed standards-compliant server implementing the caldav and carddav protocols .
it was originally planned to launch the daily in san francisco on january 19 , 2011 , however the launch was delayed by news corporation and apple .
browsers based on webkit ( such as apple 's safari , google chrome , and the omni group 's omniweb ) have had incomplete support for the svg 1.1 full specification since 2006 .
he went to build software for companies such as apple and atari .
the larvae feed on various trees and shrubs including apple and pear .
fruit trees such as apple , cherry , peach , apricot and walnut are common in the valley , which is known as '' the fruit bowl of jammu and kashmir '' .
the island has a mixed vegetation , including hardwood tree stands , remnant pear and apple orchards , ornamental trees and shrubs , open meadows , sumac groves , salt marsh grasses , and lawns , including a soccer field .
malic acid contributes to the sourness of green apple .
lawsuit in april 2013 , sweet brown sued apple for selling a song called '' i got bronchitis '' on itunes for profit , using catchphrases uttered by her in the video , such as '' ai n't nobody got time for that , '' '' ran for my life , '' and '' oh , lord jesus it 's a fire .
by the time romero reached eighteen she was in ad campaigns for brands like rock and republic , clean & clear , pepsi , apple , and j.c. penney .
apple initiates the largest ever non-bank bond offering , valued at $ 17 billion .
blocks ( c , c + + , objective-c 2.0 ) apple introduced blocks , a form of closure , as a nonstandard extension into c , c++ , objective-c 2.0 and in mac os x 10.6 '' snow leopard '' and ios 4.0 .
commercials rogue has created numerous award winning commercials for clients as varied as audi , apple , adidas , barclays , british airways , bbc , coca-cola , dyson , ferrari , mcdonald’s , m&s , guinness , google , heinz , hsbc , natwest , nike , levi’s , lloyds , phillips , virgin atlantic and virgin media .
it is prevalent in the southern united states and elsewhere , and damages the leaves of infected apple trees .
in september 2014 , apple released the iphone 6 plus as part of its iphone models for 2014 .
while it is primarily windows-focused , it does contain some open source and apple content .
technical background with the transition to tabloid format in 1995 , exeposé was produced on a single apple macintosh iicx with a 21 inch monochrome crt monitor .
it is part of a cross-platform media asset management solution together with cdfinder for apple 's mac os x .
in the botany of desire , pollan explores the concept of co-evolution , specifically of humankind 's evolutionary relationship with four plants -- apple , tulip , marijuana , and potato -- from the dual perspectives of humans and the plants .
energy expenditure as a very simple example , ten apple pickers descend from their trees and walk to the processing shed with their apples , and then return to their trees .
they may incorporate slices of bacon , apple , cheese , or raisins .
the 1381 recipe ( see illustration at right ) lists the ingredients as good apple , good spice , fig , raisin and pear .
other plants that were named and introduced were the howard apple , howard star petunia , royal splendor verbena , lilliput zinnia , and the bay state tomato .
he also had a supporting role as apple design chief jonathan ive in jobs , and a lead role on the 2014 independent film boulevard with robin williams .
as of early 2011 amazon 's kindle reading device is a significant force in the market , along with the apple ipad and the nook from barnes & noble .
it has recently been shown to be the sole ancestor of most cultivar of the domesticated apple ( malus domestica ) .
they use apple laptops that students are required to supply themselves .
apple is a member of the panel of computer suppliers for queensland state ( public ) schools ( primary and secondary ) .
he has done illustration work for many big clients including apple , united airlines , macy’s , bloomberg inc , bacardi , the ritz carlton , nike , daimler chrysler , and barney 's .
the sa-110 's first design win was the apple messagepad 2000 .
however , in recent years , its market share declined as a result of the growing use of touchscreen smartphones from other vendors , such as apple 's iphone line and android - based products .
'' flathead '' is a song by scottish indie band the fratellis from their debut album , costello music , released on 4 march 2007 ; there was an ep released with the same name in the united states after it had been used in a commercial for apple ipod .
the larvae feed on apple species .
apple , for example , uses coin for 3d rendering in iwork '08 and later .
the flower of kent is a green variety of cooking apple .
although it was the first commercial usage of postscript , which began the emergence of graphics applications dominance by adobe , the first popular use of postscript was the apple laserwriter ( succeeded a few months later by the laserwriter plus ) .
the application is free on apple 's itunes , but an in-app purchase is necessary to enable translation capabilities .
it consists of wheat flakes , dried fruit ( sultanas , raisin , coconut , banana , and apple ) and hazelnut .
working with the cornerstone agency , he launched green label sound ( a music services label for indie artists connected to the mountain dew brand ) , as well as spearheaded partnership deals with beyoncé , michael jackson , eminem , one direction , nicki minaj , lil wayne , apple , twitter , among others .
handsets manufacturers the following manufacturers currently market and sell handsets within japan : japanese fujitsu-toshiba ( fujitsu / toshiba ) kyocera nec-casio ( nec / casio / hitachi ) panasonic sharp sony non-japanese apple research in motion htc lg electronics huawei samsung zte motorola sanyo electric , although formerly an independent manufacturer of handsets , sold its handset business to kyocera in 2008 .
mike has produced and composed music in commercials for apple , sprint , visa and hidden valley ranch while working for the music house , in venice , ca .
for the 2009 -- 2010 tour , in support of black clouds & silver linings , jordan introduced the apple iphone on stage , running an application called bebot robot synth .
apple opened a second store in edmonton at southgate centre on may 28 , 2010 , and edmonton 's first lego store opened in june 2013 .
the caterpillars feed on orange fruit and other types of citrus fruit , apple and maize .
affected plants include onion , apple , pea , french bean , cherry and raspberry , and symptoms include yellowing of leaves with smallest leaf veins remaining green to produce a ` chequered ' effect .
farmers grew apple , wheat , hay and potato .
apple integrated h. 264 support into mac os x v10.4 '' tiger '' and quicktime 7 .
assassin 3 intel dz77re-75k msi z77a-g45 thunderbolt msi z77a-gd80 supermicro x10sat supermicro c7z87-oce desktop computers ; apple imac ( may 3 , 2011 ) mac mini ( july 20 , 2011 ) mac pro ( june 10 , 2013 ) ; asus et2300 all-in-one ( multitouch ) win8 pc ; dell xps 27 touch ; intel next unit of computing ( nuc ) dc3217by tablets / smartphones ; acer iconia w700 tablet - thunderbolt support removed on release model .
yael naïm -- her song '' new soul '' was used by the apple computer company in an advertising campaign .
promo singles prior to the release of the album , three promotional singles were released exclusively on apple 's itunes store as a '' countdown to mi delirio '' .
sep. 1992 : andrew l. m. shalit , a member of the apple cambridge research laboratory , announces the creation of an electronic mailing list for discussion of the dylan programming language .
a common use of jhymn is to remove fairplay digital rights management ( drm ) restrictions from files purchased at apple 's itunes store .
as of version 1.9 , the program no longer covers the start bar and the icons resemble those of apple 's aqua graphics .
nike and apple release the nike + ipod sports kit , enabling runners to log and monitor their runs via itunes and the .
in june 2011 , apple ceo steve jobs purportedly met with lytro ceo ren ng to discuss improvements for the iphone camera .
apple notes are common and depending on producer and appellation can range from flavors of golden delicious and fuji to gala and jonathan .
apple has an open-source framework for developing drivers on mac os & nbsp ; x called the i/o&nbsp;kit .
benzoic acid occurs naturally at low levels in cranberries , prunes , greengage plums , cinnamon , ripe clove , and apple .
walsall college also offers its vocational courses through a series of academies , in partnership with businesses including microsoft , apple , francesco group and roland dg .
loquat trees grow on the land below gozaneh , along with quince , citron , orange , apple , and lemon trees .
cider apples are a group of apple cultivar grown for their use in cider production .
previously , ms-dos and ibm compatibles were almost exclusively used in businesses , with the home computer market dominated by commodore , apple and atari .
sustainability examples a pioneer in cultural movement marketing model is apple .
however , to combat this issue apple installed an alert system in the preview builds , alerting them if they had been uploaded by a tester to a bittorrent system .
first non-appearance : jobs , steve ( ceo of apple ) .
history iso base media file format is directly based on apple 's quicktime container format .
boulton has designed software for apple , pacific bell , and many other organizations .
like most esters , it has a fruity odor , in this case resembling apple or pineapple .
fillings added to the pork include apple , pickle and bacon .
informix corporation was a leading developer of relational database software for computers using the unix , microsoft windows , and apple macintosh operating systems .
apple 's safari had its first beta release in january 2003 ; as of april 2011 , it had a dominant share of apple-based web browsing , accounting for just over 7 % of the entire browser market .
eastern europe ( or ashkenazi ) charoset is made from chopped walnuts and apple , spiced with cinnamon and sweet wine .
after the acquisition of primesense by apple , it was announced that the website openni.org would be shut down on april 23 , 2014 .
in ancient times it was a place of worship and stood amid an apple orchard and birch grove .
however , it appears that this is no longer the case , as seen on the new all-time ranking shared by apple to celebrate the 50 billionth ios app download in 2013 .
legacy lue had learned some pollination techniques in china , with which he was able to develop an apple which ripened a month earlier than other varieties , and a tomato plant that grew in clusters .
pavel reportedly had considered asking manufacturers of mp3 music players for royalties , including apple ( for their popular ipod player ) .
2004 sponsors for the 2004 conference included adm , apple , nvidia , volition , xanga , microsoft and thinkgeek .
the free-draining gravels are preferred for apple orchards , which grow in thermal belts where cold air can drain to the valley floor .
in october 2014 , apple ceo tim cook became the first ceo of a fortune 500 company to publicly identify as gay .
even though emagic was bought by apple long time ago ( essentially becoming logic and garageband ) , sound diver is still available as free download , just google for '' sound diver roland xp-30 '' sound samples can be heard at jv-2080 page at , they are exactly the same as in xp-30 .
color laserwriter 12/600 ps the color laserwriter 12/600 ps color laser printer was introduced by apple .
macgeneration trophy for the best integration of apple technologies 2005 , idive .
agriculture apple are the base of fraiburgo economy , being responsible for 60 % of the total state production and 40 % of the national production .
the druids preferred yew for wand-making over their other favorite woods , apple and oak .
emagic ( now part of apple ) has also produced a software emulation , the evb3 .
also common were alfalfa , rye , cassava , sweet potatoes and the fruits oranges , limes , grape , apple , quince , papaya , peach , plum , cherries , fig , avocado , pineapple , strawberries , banana , and plantain .
sidral mundet is a mexican apple - flavored carbonated soft drink produced by femsa s.a de c.v and distributed in the united states by the novamex company , which also distributes the jarritos and sangria señorial soda brands .
0x8badf00d ( '' ate bad food '' ) is used by apple in ios crash reports , when an application takes too long to launch , terminate , or respond to system events .
over the months of may and june in 2007 , colbert begged apple to give him a free iphone , and finally received one in july .
this is a list of popular games available and in development for the apple ios -- the primary operating system of the iphone , ipod touch and ipad .
'' gorp '' ( '' good old raisins and peanuts '' ) is a classic trail mix made with peanut , raisin , and m&m's a picture of some low-calorie vegetable snacks , including bell pepper , endive , beetroot , apple , asparagus , and tomato a snack is a portion of food often smaller than a regular meal , generally eaten between meals .
on the big bang theory , raj 's apple iphone 4s plays this song when he asks it to play some smooth jazz .
an updated version of the game , zombie panic in wonderland plus , was released on the itunes app store for the apple ipod touch , iphone and ipad on 7 february 2013 .
expressed sequence tag ( est ) sequences of quite a few non-model plants like sugarcane , apple , lotus , barley , cycas , coffee , to name a few , are available freely online .
upon completion he was hired by film composer christopher young as an assistant and then joined machine head in venice where he wrote music for countless tv commercials for companies like apple , budweiser , american express and toyota .
discontinued flavors include apple and non-alcoholic champagne .
initially operating out of petschnigg 's apartment , they began work on their first product , paper , which launched in march 2012 and was chosen by apple as the ipad app of the year .
smartphones and tablets also saw implementation of glonass support in 2011 with devices released that year from xiaomi tech company ( xiaomi phone 2 ) , sony ericsson , samsung ( galaxy note galaxy note ii , galaxy sii , the google nexus 10 in late 2012 ) , asus , apple ( iphone 4s and ipad mini in late 2012 ) and htc adding support for the system allowing increased accuracy and lock on speed in difficult conditions .
itn on launched the first ever video news application for apple 's iphone in february 2009 .
cotton , timber and lumber products , and the apple and peach industries were also important to the success of the area .
in august 2009 , loggia appeared in one of apple 's get a mac advertisements .
while originally designed to work with windows , users have reported running it successfully on apple computers with virtual pc and on linux with wine .
it is the center of tasmania 's apple and fruit-growing industry , and has also been highly reliant on the timber industry since the late 19th century .
the mac was a periodical magazine covering the macintosh computer platform , including software and related apple products .
the escarpment of annonay is surrounded by plateaux and gentle hills used for cultivating cherries , apricot , apple , pear , and other crops .
local agriculture includes the growing of hops and cider apple .
in 2000 , major companies such as ibm , apple , and compaq ( now merged with hewlett-packard ) decided to discontinue their involvement with comdex to allocate resources more efficiently .
fakeflash is an apple mac os x trojan .
it used a user-friendly design that foreshadowed the advent of graphically rich applications like those that have been developed for the apple ios .
datarock was also featured in an apple advertisement for the fourth generation ipod nano .
other fruits include apple , pear , apricot , peach , fig , pistachio , date and grapes .
colonists opted to grow less barley as it was easier to ferment apple cider than to brew beer .
clowdy also have an for apple ios users and an for android .
these include : intel , apple , appnexus , stratacom , check point software , doubleclick , 3com corporation , mosaic , pgp , itek , digex , media6degrees , shape security , smartling , phoenix , second rotation ( gazelle ) and ctera networks .
members of the alliance include international corporations such as apple , microsoft , panasonic , boeing or sony as well as government agencies and representatives from civil society pamp is supervised by the finma for compliance with swiss money laundering legislation .
wary of being caught in a repeat of the costly videotape format war between vhs and betamax in the 1980s , he convened a group of computer industry experts , including representatives from apple , microsoft , sun microsystems , dell , and many others .
nyholm then became the ceo of image recognition company polar rose , sold to apple for a rumored $ 29 million .
due to the overall customer experience , including ease of use and emphasis on design , betterment has been called the '' apple of finance .
history development the development of the galaxy gear came in the midst of a push towards the growing smartwatch market ; samsung 's main competitor apple had been the subject of rumors suggesting an upcoming watch product , while the kickstarter - backed pebble ( which reached mass market availability in july 2013 ) has been credited with creating mainstream interest in the concept .
in celtic lore , the hawthorn plant was used commonly for inscriptions along with yew and apple .
career following mit , smith worked at a variety of start-ups , including apple in tokyo and general magic located in mountain view , california , as product design lead on nascent smartphone technologies before she got involved with the launch of planet out in 1995 .
since june 2007 , youtube 's videos have been available for viewing on a range of apple products .
cultivation pear tree in flower european pear trees are not quite as hardy as apple , but nearly so .
there are 124 networked computers ( both apple and microsoft ) in two computer lab and in the commons area .
fruit trees of apple , peach and apricot were also reported ( but the fruits did not ripen in lhasa ) and also poplar trees and bamboo .
later that year , it acquired a minority interest in simply mac , a utah - based authorized apple reseller .
in july 2011 , mcdonald 's announced plans to make happy meals healthier , including the addition of apple .
the peninsula is also a productive fruit region growing apple and tart cherries .
in 2005 , north korea was ranked by the fao as an estimated 10th in the production of fresh fruit and as an estimated 19th in the production of apple .
in particular , it is known for the 6800 family and 68000 family of microprocessor used in atari st , commodore amiga , color computer , and apple macintosh personal computers .
this was done by condensing urea ( an animal waste product ) with diethyl malonate ( an ester derived from the acid of apple ) .
kawasaki had been apple design director in early 1990s and designed portable computer devices ( named mindtop , popeye , pluto , sweatpea , jeep ) .
the apple ipad version of the game was released on july 21 , 2011 .
nearby towns west : ` utayb ( 3.5 nm ) north : yahfufah ( 3.4 nm ) , al khuraybah ( 4.0 nm ) , ma ` rabun ( 3.4 nm ) east : al ` uwayni ( 0.4 nm ) south : ` ayn al hawr ( 2.2 nm ) economy economy for this town is based on agricultural activities and the main crops are ( apple , cherry , pear , peach and apricot ) .
coaching and consulting berardi is also a nutrition and physiology consultant to corporations including apple , equinox , nike , and titleist .
it is a poison nightshade species from africa and not related to true apple .
the buildings have a computer - to - student ratio of 1 : 2 or better in all classrooms , all of which are apple imac or newer .
from 2006 to 2010 , apple used the double-act formula successfully in its popular series of i 'm a mac/and i 'm a pc ads with john hodgman and justin long .
shipping with both yellow dog linux 2.2 and os x pre-installed , and in addition to the 1 ghz dual powerpc g4s , the system featured 1gb of pc-133 sdram , an 80gb ide hard drive , apple 's dvd-rw '' superdrive , '' gigabit ethernet , firewire and usb ports , and an ati radeon 7500 dual monitor video card .
some of the macquariums built by others on an individual basis , the versions that ihnatko refers to as '' overly complex '' , were constructed with parts from two sources located closer to apple headquarters a 1 infinite loop on de anza blvd in cupertino , ca .
world 's rarest apple was discovered on bardsey island in 2000 .
dick boushey dick boushey , a cherry and apple grower first planted boushey vineyard with cabernet sauvignon and merlot in 1980 -- three years before the yakima valley was recognized as an american viticultural area .
crowdsourced technical support many companies and organizations , such as apple and mozilla provide discussion boards for users of their products to interact ; such forums allow companies to reduce their support costs without losing the benefit of customer feedback .
in 1984 he moved to silicon valley to work with clients such as adobe , apple , hewlett-packard , microsoft , and symantec .
a small effort has been made to support some of the apple pascal syntax , to ease interfacing to mac os and mac os x .
the larger domain comprises 220 hectares , with terraced garden , english park , and about 1500 varieties of old rose , 800 varieties of pear , and 550 varieties of apple trees .
the deficiency is most common in several important fruit and vegetable crops ; notably potato , brassica , tomato , apple , currants , gooseberries , and raspberries .
france telecom , facebook , at&t , apple , cisco , sprint are some of the members of the maawg .
wireless touchpads such as apple 's magic trackpad are also available as detached accessories .
justin jacob long ( born june 2 , 1978 ) is an american actor , known for his roles in the films jeepers creepers , galaxy quest , , accepted , alvin and the chipmunks , and live free or die hard , for his role as warren cheswick on the nbc tv series ed , and for his appearances with john hodgman in tv commercials for apple 's '' get a mac '' advertising campaign .
) the dtp market exploded in 1985 with the introduction in january of the apple laserwriter printer , and later in july with the introduction of pagemaker software from aldus which rapidly became the dtp industry standard software .
says peters : '' some apple people saw that demo at the show and said , '' nice demo .
system requirements ( cd-rom version ) hard drive apple cd-scsi cd-rom drive or equivalent ( access time of 1000 ms ) system 6.04 or higher 1 mb of internal memory \* computers running system 7.0 require at least 2.5 mb disk version the disk version only has four planets ( out of seven ) and has less animation .
major agricultural products of chile include grape , apple , pear , onion , wheat , maize , oat , peach , garlic , asparagus , bean , beef , poultry , wool , fish and timber .
the arboretum 's earliest area was established in 1907 as the horticultural research center , which developed cold-hardy crops such as the honeycrisp apple and northern lights azalea .
using apple personal digital assistant ( pdas ) , shinoda noticed how corrected text would disappear with a tiny puff of smoke when crossed out by the user ; he found this type of control intuitive and wanted to implement it into a game .
partnerships netapp has technology partnerships with a number of leading it vendors , such as bmc , brocade , cisco , citrix , microsoft , oracle corporation , sap ag , symantec , apple and vmware .
the main plot of the south park episode humancentipad was that kyle did not read the terms of service for his last itunes update and therefore had inadvertently agreed to have apple employees experiment upon him .
the first version of stickies was written by apple employee jens alfke and included in system 7.5 in 1994 .
the native file systems of unix-like systems also support arbitrary directory hierarchies , as do , for example , apple 's hierarchical file system , and its successor hfs+ in classic mac os ( hfs + is still used in mac os x ) , the fat file system in ms-dos 2.0 and later and microsoft windows , the ntfs file system in the windows nt family of operating systems , and the ods-2 ( on-disk structure-2 ) and higher levels of the files-11 file system in openvms .
apple shake was used to digitally generate the visual effects .
in july 2006 , target started selling two-tone pink edition apple ipod through a partnership with colorware .
the ocaml distribution contains : an extensible parser and macro language named camlp4 , which permits the syntax of ocaml to be extended or even replaced lexer and parser tools called ocamllex and ocamlyacc debugger that supports stepping backwards to investigate errors documentation generator profiler -- for measuring performance numerous general-purpose libraries the native code compiler is available for many platforms , including unix , microsoft windows , and apple mac os x .
morrow has also done several commercials , ironically for both microsoft and apple .
apple computers and unix workstations have traditionally used custom-designed chipsets .
co-founded by former apple engineers tony fadell and matt rogers in 2010 , the start-up company quickly grew to have more than 130 employees by the end of 2012 .
on-campus recruiters include goldman sachs , rbc , td , jp morgan , morgan stanley , citibank , cpp investment board , co. , bain & company , boston consulting group , oliver wyman , apple , snc lavalin , p&g , unilever , pricewaterhousecoopers , deloitte , ernst & young , kpmg , and many more .
'' personal life he married novelist mona simpson , the biological sister of apple founder steve jobs , in 1993 .
the russian united democratic party '' yabloko '' ( russian : росси́йская объединённая демократи́ческая па́ртия '' я́блоко '' rossiyskaya obyedinyonnaya demokraticheskaya partiya '' yabloko '' ; ( -- '' apple '' ) is a russia social liberal party founded by grigory yavlinsky and currently led by sergey mitrokhin , a former opposition member of the moscow city duma and state duma .
cripps pink is a variety of apple , from which apples meeting quality standards can be sold under the trade mark name pink lady .
' redlove era ' is a recently bred hybrid apple cultivar .
the most common fruits and vegetables grown in bteghrine are : figs , grape , mulberry , plums , apple , peach , persimmon , pomegranate , cherries , tomato , cucumber , parsley , mint , wheat , and bean .
they sometimes eat apple .
when itunes 7 was released , apple changed the authentication scheme again which caused the older version of ourtunes to fail .
one major u.s. beekeeper reports moving his hives from idaho to california in january to prepare for almond pollination in february , then to apple orchard in washington in march , to north dakota two months later for honey production , and then back to idaho by november a journey of several thousands of miles .
some stores include apple , american apparel , banana republic , chico's , coach , gap , j.crew , moda , pottery barn , talbots , united colors of benetton , victoria 's secret , white house black market and williams-sonoma .
bunbury to walpole from bunbury , the highway goes through boyanup and on to donnybrook , the heart of wa 's apple country .
time inc. and apple have come to an agreement wherein u.s. subscribers to time will be able to read the ipad versions for free , at least until the two companies sort out a viable digital subscription model .
shopify released a free mobile app on the apple app store on may 13 , 2010 .
in addition to oaks , archips semiferanus have been known to feed on witchhazel and apple trees occasionally .
trees & shrubs tree species include english oak , caucasian oak , turkey oak , holm oak and sessile oak , rowan , ash , lime , spindle , hazel , laburnum , apple , cotoneaster , hawthorn and silver birch .
in this case it is powerpc and power architecture , processor architectures initially developed in the early 1990s by the aim alliance , i.e. ibm , motorola and apple .
big blue meenie has worked exclusively with apple and uses their software logic pro for mixing after analog recording .
one example is the apple iphone , which is officially unlocked ( when applicable ) every time during its activation step .
kingdom holding is an investment company founded in 1980 and 95 % owned by prince talal that has assets valued at over $ 25 billion , with interests in many major companies such as walt disney , pepsico , kodak , apple , hewlett packard , motorola , time warner , newscorp , and citigroup , as well as real estate in london through its songbird estates division .
it was not until march 2008 that a full-length trailer for the film was released , which can be found on apple 's quicktime trailer gallery .
collaborations include a branded range for apple and the tate gallery .
the planes deliberately flew over the headquarters of nasa ames , lawrence livermore national laboratory , university of california at berkeley , stanford university , google , facebook , twitter , and apple .
at the time of its original release , frontier was the only system-level scripting environment for the macintosh , but apple was working on its own scripting language , applescript , and started bundling it with the macos 7 system software .
sharemouse -- a cross-platform windows and apple mac os x option allowing users to control any networked computer from the mouse and keyboard of any other computer .
its main products include apple , peach and vegetable .
apple fixed beast vulnerability by implementing 1/n -1 split and turning it on by default in os x mavericks , released on october 22 , 2013 .
hair conrad , who had a white father and a cherokee mother , farmed the land near the cabin , growing apple , peach , and other produce .
dabinett apples dabinett is a variety of apple , customarily used in somerset for making cider .
the higher than average number of days of sunshine make ideal conditions for the growing of tomato , sunflower , tobacco , apple , and other fruit such as plum -- for which the county is famous , being eaten fresh , dried into prunes ( some made into lekvar ) and fermented into well-known brandies .
however , apple has retained inetd for compatibility purposes .
history on tuesday , january 30 , 2007 , apple introduced a demo version of this game for free .
the carob , olive , apple and pomegranate were introduced to egyptians during the new kingdom .
it was released by its developer telltale games for microsoft windows , playstation 3 , xbox 360 , apple .
apple is rumored to be working on a smartwatch which may be called an '' iwatch '' , suggested by trademarks they 've been filing .
renderware was widely cross-platform : it ran on windows as well as apple mac os x - based applications and many video game consoles such as nintendo gamecube , wii , xbox , xbox 360 , playstation 2 , playstation 3 , and playstation portable .
shortly prior to this , apple released a similar widget engine , dashboard , as part of its mac os x tiger operating system .
it adds many at & t apps , including at & t code scanner , at & t familymap , at & t navigator , at & t ready2go , device help , live tv , and myat & t. united states import ban on 15 may 2012 , shipments of both the one x and the evo 4g lte were delayed by u.s. customs by order of the international trade commission , to ensure that its software complied with an import ban imposed on htc involving a patent owned by apple .
fruit apple , plum , and pear , which grow well in lithuania , are the most commonly used fruit .
after recording the first episode by himself with apple garageband , eric decided he needed a full-time co-host , so asked his friend taylor ramsauer to join him for episode 3 .
in 2004 apple 's itunes needed mastering services for their '' itunes exclusive '' releases and with a list of songs that needed to be polished before releasing them on itunes store .
it contains a home demonstration garden , vegetable garden , herb garden , home fruit and nuts garden ( including black , persian and japanese walnuts , pecan , shellbark and shagbark hickory , chinese chestnut as well as dwarf apple cultivar , an american persimmon and native pawpaw trees ) , the all america selection trials garden , perennial collection , ground cover demonstration , woody plant collection , and a '' walk across kentucky '' that simulates kentucky 's seven regional landscapes : bluegrass , knobs , appalachian plateaus , cumberland mountains , mississippian plateaus and outer nashville basin ( pennyroyal ) , shawnee hills , mississippi embayment and alluvial basin ( jackson purchase ) .
bristows has been representing samsung in the uk aspects of its patent dispute with apple relating to smartphone and tablet technologies and involving parallel proceedings in ten jurisdictions .
although apple itunes does not natively support vorbis , the xiph.org foundation provides a quicktime component which can be used in itunes and quicktime on both microsoft windows and mac os ( only before os x 10.9 's switch of quicktime to 64-bit only ) .
there are numerous fruits reared , including many subspecies of apple , pear , peach , grape , apricot , water melon , cantaloupe , etc. hungary does not grow any gmo products , thus these products are mainly imported from the united states .
on june 30 , 2004 , the mozilla foundation , in partnership with adobe , apple , macromedia , opera , and sun microsystems , a series of changes to web browser plugins .
cherry , apple , pear , peach and apricot trees are available .
the main irrigated crops are cotton , wheat , corn , grain , sorghum , alfalfa , hay , apple , peach , cherries , grape , pistachio , pecan , lettuce , chili , and other vegetables .
he performed at les siestes electroniques in toulouse , france , in the summer of 2006 ( with chicks on speed ) , and performs live periodically at apple stores in japan .
his other deals include partnerships with visa , apple , garmin , and mcdonald's .
operating system implementation apple products have worked with bluetooth since mac & nbsp ; os & nbsp ; x v10.2 which was released in 2002 .
the environmental activist group greenpeace , worries that emissions of greenhouse gas by computing environments , such as data center and cloud computing , increase greenhouse gas and therefore global warming , and have launched political campaigns against apple , amazon.com , microsoft and hp in 2012 ) .
t/maker company went on to publish its own line of integrated applications , and also products by others intended for dos and windows computers as well as the apple macintosh , including clickart , the 5th software title available for the mac .
apple orchards and vineyards are cultivated on many of the lower slopes , and much of the fruit is used to make cider .
in an episode of the television series the simpsons , lisa simpson travels to the underwater headquarters of apple to visit steve jobs , who is shown to be performing multiple multi-touch hand gestures on a large touch wall .
'' home '' was released to the apple itunes store on june 8 , 2010 .
apple has added game center on the ios mobile platform for iphone , ipad , and ipod touch which has achievements .
shown here is vicente fox using an apple powerbook a teacher using laptop as part of a workshop for school children .
nonetheless apple products such as ipod or iphone are common status symbols among modern teenagers .
agriculture , especially fruit crops such as apple , remain a prominent industry in the kentville area , and throughout the eastern part of the valley .
he has worked for notable high tech companies such as apple , sirius software , atari , sega , and 3do .
the '' haft chin '' items are : haft-sin the haft sīn items are : sabzeh -- wheat , barley or lentil sprouts growing in a dish -- symbolizing rebirth samanu -- a sweet pudding made from germinated wheat -- symbolizing affluence senjed -- the dried fruit of the oleaster tree -- symbolizing love sīr -- garlic -- symbolizing medicine sīb -- apple -- symbolizing beauty and health somaq -- sumac berries -- symbolizing ( the color of ) sunrise serkeh -- vinegar -- symbolizing age and patience .
the company rapidly expanded to a broader range of products such as digital radios , gps devices , netbooks , tablets , and video cameras , and in september 2011 began selling complementary products from a range of brands including apple , canon , nikon , samsung , motorola and others .
the track is only available via the apple itunes store .
according to sources quoted in wired magazine , mccracken quit abruptly because the new ceo of pc world , colin crawford , tried to kill an unfavorable story about apple and steve jobs .
device support for apple devices with the ios operating system version 1.1.3 or later , such as the ipod touch , iphone , and ipad , as well as some android devices , it is possible to provide a custom icon that users can display on their home screens using the web clip feature ( called add to home screen within mobile safari ) .
natural occurrence acetophenone occurs naturally in many foods including apple , cheese , apricot , banana , beef , and cauliflower .
it is well known as a naturally occurring epiphyte or endophyte of a wide range of plant species ( e.g. apple , grape , cucumber , green beans , cabbage ) without causing any symptoms of disease .
shake is a discontinued compositing application for film made by nothing real llc and later purchased by apple .
it was officially released on bittorrent by jordan after he had found out that apple sold his songs on itunes without permission .
promotional singles prior to the release of the album , three promotional singles were released exclusively on apple 's itunes store as a '' countdown to carpe diem '' .
beacon is a cultivar of apple created by university of minnesota in 1936 .
( shazam ) red was identical to shazam encore in features and price ( both are priced at 5.99 usd ) but a portion of the application payment for ( shazam ) red purchases was donated to support hiv/aids prevention , as part of the red campaign ( together with other brands such as nike , apple , american express , converse , and girl ) .
to the north are the russian river , steelhead beach park , and mount jackson ; to the west are the redwood forests ; and to the east and south are many rolling hills on which are planted wine grape vineyard and apple orchard .
'' the difference between an apple and a pear is that apples float , whereas pears sink because they are denser .
this technical variation nonetheless made it impossible for some plunderphonics fans , especially those using apple computers , to either play the second disc on their computer or rip mp3 files for use in digital media devices like the ipod , unless '' particular software '' identified on the plunderphonics website at the time was used .
mp4 also allows the embedding of an id3 tag , and this is widely supported , especially in apple 's itunes , which uses mp4 standards in its audio and video file formats .
the player is given apple and banana to begin the game .
gnustep thus predates cocoa , which emerged when apple acquired next 's technology and incorporated it into the development of the original mac os x , while gnustep was initially an effort by gnu developers to replicate the technically ambitious nextstep 's programmer-friendly features .
they were traditionally cooked with bits of apple ( æble ) or applesauce inside but these ingredients are very rarely included in modern danish forms of the dish .
many recipes continue to include suet , venison , minced beef sirloin or minced heart , along with dried fruit , spices , chopped apple , and fresh citrus peel , zante currants , candied fruits , citron , and brandy , rum , or other liquor .
it should be noted that trochut has worked with a well known clients like adidas , apple , coca-cola , nike , pepsi or the rolling stones , among others .
my singing monsters is a world builder simulation video game released for apple 's iphone , ipod and ipad , android , and amazon platforms , among others .
opal is the brand name for a variety of apple produced by crossing golden delicious with topaz .
the decreasing cost of display equipment and processors made it practical to provide graphical user interfaces for many operating systems , such as the generic x window system that is provided with many unix systems , or other graphical systems such as microsoft windows , the radioshack color computer 's os-9 level ii/multivue , commodore 's amigaos , atari tos , apple 's mac os , or even ibm 's os/2 .
robertson boasted that , unlike apple 's itunes music store and most other competitors at the time , mp3tunes did not use digital rights management ( drm ) technology to limit the use of songs its customers purchased .
products the company sells natural , 100 percent apple juice as well as a line of natural cranberry juice and a line of cranberry juice blended with other juices .
in addition , weathernation tv 's programming is streamed live on the network 's website , on its android and apple mobile app as well as select samsung and sony tvs and blu-ray players .
'' a 1999 storyline saw nick incorporate apple computers into the clinic as part of a new administration scheme .
steve soffa is an american artist and designer known for his timepieces that are sold and distributed to fortune 100 companies , such as oracle , apple , hp , sony , universal , bmw and other .
the term is derived from the words costard ( a now-extinct medieval variety of large , ribbed apple ) and monger ; i.e. , seller .
ingress is an augmented reality massively multiplayer online role playing gps - dependent game created by niantic labs , a startup within google , originally for android devices , and since july 14 , 2014 for apple 's ios .
with elderberry flowers and apple .
it was originally designed to offer a better text-entry experience and alternative input methods not found in apple 's built-in set or suit better the needs for windows '' switchers .
a view of huonville , sometime between 1900-1949 today the huon valley is best known as one of tasmania 's primary apple growing areas .
new species he described for the first time in the flora altaica include malus sieversii ( as pyrus sieversii ) , the wild ancestor of the apple , and the siberian larch ( larix sibirica ) .
the name mostviertel comes from the apple and pear must ( or heavy juice ) made there .
training nti birmingham run a number of short , one to five day , software training courses accredited by apple and adobe .
apple was also on the scene then , but chose to keep their operating system a proprietary one .
theme entries related to jobs ' life included macintosh , pixar , think different , creative genius , steve jobs , and apple .
anti is an obsolete computer virus affecting apple macintosh computers running early system versions up to mac os 8.1 .
discovr are a series of apps for the apple ipad by filter squad , which are characterized by using nodes to represent relationships between media .
also , typical christmas treats have been apple , mandarin orange and gingerbread .
it was originally recorded on beech and frequently occurs on this substrate , but is also known from other broadleaf trees and shrubs , including oak , hazel , ash , and apple .
ecology and life cycle a mating pair of p. glaucus phyllobius glaucus is associated with a wide range of trees and shrubs , and is a minor pest of fruit tree , including apple , pear , cherries and plum .
macintosh version multiplan for the apple macintosh was microsoft 's first gui spreadsheet ; it was also the most successful spreadsheet for the early mac .
on apple macintosh computers , which lack a num lock key , the numeric keypad always produces only numbers .
predominant tree and shrub species on the island include maple , birch , oak , pine , poplar , sumac , and apple .
arboretum ( 5 hectares ) - more than 1000 taxa of woody plants , including the pomarium ( a collection of swabia apple varieties ) .
present day kingston remains as a major service center for the apple growing industry in the area of western kings county and has a growing retail district , owing to its access to highway 101 .
professional career after nyit williams joined the advanced technology group at apple in 1987 .
igenapps is a mobile app generator and a website where users , without programming skills , can create personal or business applications using their apple or android mobile device .
the company 's technology practice expanded rapidly over the 1990s with major clients including apple , sun microsystems and qualcomm and its headquarters moved to silicon valley in the late 1990s .
its work has been mentioned in online and print venues , such as apple , graphis inc . , communication arts , how and print magazine , and selected for the u.s. library of congress permanent design collection .
nymphs associated with apple trees were the epimeliad , and those associated with walnut-trees were the caryatid .
the granny smith apple cultivar originates in eastwood , new south wales , australia , from a chance seedling propagated by maria ann smith ( née sherwood , 1799 -- 1870 ) .
business model a welcome message from plos to nature publishing group on the launch of scientific reports , inspired by a similar message sent in 1981 by apple to ibm upon the latter 's entry into the personal computer market with its ibm personal computer .
montgomery later credited hawkins ' experience at apple with the steve jobs - like product and marketing strategy montgomery used at both newtek and play .
in september 2013 phox opened for the lumineers at apple 's itunes festival in london .
hamton j . pig : hungry boy hamton ( a.k.a. '' junction '' ) - similar to konami 's loco-motion , hamton is walking along a blue path towards apple .
blenheim orange ( dempster 's pippin ) is a cultivar of apple .
export allows passengers to plug-in their personal apple devices such as ipod , ipad and iphone through an export socket located immediately below the video screen .
from the development of gold mining techniques and logging practices in the 19th century that were later adopted around the world , to the development of world-famous and online business models ( such as apple , hewlett-packard , google , yahoo! , and ebay ) , northern california has been at the forefront of new ways of doing business .
dr brendan is a new york city based consumer electronics and information technology consulting company specializing in repairs , service , and education of apple products such as the iphone and macintosh computer .
this article is a list of diseases of apple ( malus × domestica ) .
in modern ides all major development environments supply some manner of class browser , including apple xcode for mac os x cincom smalltalk codewarrior for microsoft windows , mac os , and embedded systems eclipse embarcadero delphi embarcadero jbuilder ibm websphere intellij idea kdevelop microsoft visual studio netbeans red gate .net reflector squeak smalltalk step ahead javelin visual prolog zeus for windows ide modern class browsers fall into three general categories : the columnar browsers , the outline browsers , and the diagram browsers .
webkit 's html and javascript code was originally a fork of the khtml and kjs libraries from kde , and has now been further developed by individuals from kde , apple , google , nokia , bitstream , blackberry , igalia , and others .
since its release in 2007 , apple 's iphone has used their software to process user requests and facilitate sales .
economy manara 's main industries are agriculture ( primarily cotton fields , apple and chicken ) , tourism to the scenic cliffs via its cable cars descending to kiryat shmona in the valley below , and a technical glass manufacturing plant .
foods foods that are claimed to be negative in calories are mostly low-calorie fruits and vegetables such as celery , grapefruit , lemon , lime , apple , lettuce , broccoli , and cabbage .
the site has provided no statistics regarding the number of customers and downloads , yet scott blum , the founder and ceo of buymusic , noted '' we 're nowhere near apple 's itunes music store numbers .
summify released a free app on the apple app store july 8 , 2011 .
a clic app was released for apple 's ios devices on 18 august 2011 .
every house has its own garden and orchard : apple , pear , peach , cherry , plum , ... and recently kiwis or feijoas ( pineapple guava ) .
the moths oviposit almost exclusively on trees in the plant family rosaceae , particularly cherry ( prunus ) and apple ( malus ) .
favored crops may include apple , oat and corn .
supper unit : canned meat , consisting of cervelat sausage , ( early version ) , either pork luncheon meat with carrot or apple ( first issue ) , beef and pork loaf ( second issue ) ; biscuits ; a 2-ounce ( 57 g ) d ration emergency chocolate bar , ( early version ) tropical bar , or ( in temperate climates ) commercial sweet chocolate bar ( late version ) , a packet of toilet paper tissues ; a four-pack of cigarettes ; chewing gum , and a bouillon packet ( cube or powder ) .
yosemite is also the namesake of the 10.10 version of the apple os x operating system .
they can also be found in the fruits ( and wilting leaves ) of the rose family ( including cherries , apple , plum , almonds , peach , apricot , raspberries , and crabapple ) .
thus , matrix capital is not to be confused with ferri 's separate venture capital firm matrix partners , which has made early stage investments in young , private companies over the past 36 years that include apple , sandisk , gilt groupe , and others .
torta alla monferrina , an autumn speciality of the monferrato hills in north-west italy , is a cake made from pumpkin , apple and sugar , with dried fig , amaretti , chocolate , eggs , and rum , and baked in the oven .
fonts from the arial family are packaged with all versions of microsoft windows , some other microsoft software applications , apple mac os x and many postscript 3 computer printer .
the company kept the ` o ' as a way of identifying its products much like the ` i ' in apple products .
recent examples of two-sided platforms that successfully attracted both consumers and developers include apple iphone , nintendo wii , adobe flash , and microsoft windows .
the company has a proven track record in developing and designing mainstream applications for the app store ( apple ) , google play , amazon appstore and samsung galaxy apps .
on unix - compatible systems , including gnu / linux and apple mac os x , tex is distributed in the form of the tetex distribution and more recently the tex live distribution .
on each of the levels , there are monkeys who are throwing apple at mother kangaroo .
the digital media access protocol ( dmap ) is the family of proprietary protocol introduced by apple that are used by itunes , iphoto , remote and other software to share media across a local network .
spanish missionaries brought fruit seeds over from europe , many of which had been introduced to the old world from asia following earlier expeditions to the continent ; orange , grape , apple , peach , pear , and fig seeds were among the most prolific of the imports .
in norse mythology , iðunn is described as providing the gods apple that grant them eternal youthfulness in the 13th century prose edda .
in 2006 , morin left apple and joined facebook as senior platform manager .
the song is an up-tempo number dealing - as the title suggests - with melsen eating an apple .
the town was first settled around 1763 by jean laframboise , who is also credited with introducing apple growing to the area .
spain 's other significant orchard crops were apple , banana , pear , peach , apricot , plum , cherries , fig , and nuts .
rougemont is well known for its apple orchard and sugar shack .
but lately some farmers try other crops such as grape , apple , pistacio and olive .
economy balidat ameur 's economy is centered around the farming of date palm , but also features other agricultural crops such as olive , pomegranate , tree grape , apple and plum .
apple is an excellent example of using semiotics in their advertising campaign .
the flat parts of the region are also largely used for agriculture , which mostly includes fields of cereal , maize and potato , as well as orchard , which are mostly planted with apple trees .
freeway is based on a pre-mac os x print publishing application called uniqorn , also developed by softpress , but discontinued when apple stopped supporting quickdraw gx in mac os 8 .
the same song was also featured in an apple iphone advertisement displayed during the 79th academy awards .
brown 's patented techniques , such as voicemail-to-email , visual voicemail , enhanced caller id , were innovations later deployed by google voice and apple .
among the floats used by adult buoy barnacles are pellets of tar , seaweed , plastic debris , driftwood , feather , cranberries , cuttlefish bone , the '' by-the-wind-sailor '' velella velella , seagrass leaves , styrofoam , seed , and even apple ; they have even been known to colonise the backs of turtle and the sea snake pelamis platurus .
the community was founded in 1910 and is named after the ben davis variety of apple .
several mr. scruff tracks appeared on rolando , a game for apple 's iphone and ipod touch devices in 2008 .
on april 22 , 2013 merlin entertainments group introduced an app entitled '' legoland deutschland '' available for android and apple devices .
the motherboards and power supplies in the apple imac g5 and some emac were also affected .
'' 1984 used an unnamed heroine to represent the coming of the macintosh ( indicated by her white tank top with a picasso - style picture of apple 's macintosh computer on it ) as a means of saving humanity from '' conformity '' ( big brother ) .
sh to create songify , an apple iphone app that allows the users to autotune any speech into song .
lemonade is an ep by wheatus , released in 2004 , exclusively available at apple 's itunes music store .
both of these names encompass both the instruction format and the software supporting it ; aat is included on apple operating system , while graphite is available for microsoft windows and linux - based systems .
the introduction of apple 's iphone on the at & t network in the fall of 2007 in the united states prompted rim to produce its first touchscreen smartphone for the competing verizon network in 2008 the blackberry storm .
in march 2001 , jones , along with several other artists , featured in a commercial for apple 's mac computers .
however , this game is only compatible with ios 6 or more , for apple devices , unlike pocket planes with ios 5 or more .
juglone is toxic to plants such as tomato , apple , and birch , and may cause stunting and death of nearby vegetation .
the company produced al gore 's our choice app for the ipad , which won apple 's award for best-designed app in 2011 .
according to a forum post by the game 's developers , on july 22 apple removed the game from the itunes app store .
at macworld expo in 2001 , not long after the dot-com bubble burst and amidst industry-wide angst over the future of the pc , apple founder and ceo steve jobs announced a strategy seeing a pc ( specifically , the macintosh ) serving as a '' digital hub '' for future mobile devices ( such as its ipod mp3 player ) .
they were available in berry burst , apple and raisin , white chocolate chip and milk chocolate chip flavor .
in 2009 , the school produced its own thumb drive called i-mozac ( not to be confused with apple 's products ) .
docphin was selected by apple as one the best new ios in 2014 .
xml-based formats have become the default for many office-productivity tools , including microsoft office ( office open xml ) , openoffice.org and libreoffice ( opendocument ) , and apple 's iwork .
industrial links in the field of art and design , ntu has links with a wide range of companies , professional bodies and institutions on an international level , including apple , arcadia group , broadway , fashion institute of technology , marks & spencer , ralsey group limited , association of illustrators , sony , and sophie steller .
this was one of the reasons why apple forked khtml to create the webkit engine ( which is now used in several web browsers in various forms , including safari and google chrome ) over the xpcom-based gecko rendering engine for their web browser .
breakfast a typical pakistani breakfast , locally called nāshtā ( ) , consists of eggs ( boiled/scrambled/fried / omelette ) , a slice of loaf bread or roti , paratha , sheermal with tea or lassi , kulcha with chole , qeema ( minced meat ) , fresh seasonal fruits ( mango , apple , melon , banana , etc. ) , milk , honey , butter , jam , shami kebab , and/or nuts .
flavors there are a variety of flavors , including chicken , lower sodium chicken , cornbread , pork , beef , savory herbs , traditional sage , tomato & onion , san francisco sourdough , mushroom & onion , long grain & wild rice and roasted garlic , turkey , apple and cranberry .
granddad 's complaint made it to apple .
in june 2014 , yodo1 received approximately 40 % of its revenue from apple devices .
in 2007 , imagine publishing listed fi in their list of the 21 most inspiring companies which included apple , pixar , porsche , ebay , sky , google and dreamworks .
simple crafting involves enchanting ammunition and weapons , making a fishing rod ( fishing pole + rope ) , keyring ( key + ring ) , dough ( flour + water ) , pie ( dough + rolling pin + optional apple + optional bottle of wine ) , powder ( bone / plant + pestle and mortar ) , and potion ( powder + empty bottle + still ) .
he also seems to love stuffed toy , as evident in pitchin ' impossible in many episodes , he is seen doing many random things with body parts from dead characters , like using mime 's head for a jack o'lantern , using sniffles ' head for a bowling ball , mistaking disco bear 's severed head for a watermelon and weighing it on a scale , mistaking giggles ' heart as a piece of litter , and mistaking cuddles ' eye for an apple .
examples of such devices are android os devices by various manufacturers , and ios devices on apple products like the iphone , ipod touch , and ipad .
in addition , he has composed music for numerous commercials for brands such as volkswagen , apple , coca-cola , hummer and ea games .
the city is known for its many peach , pear , apple , and cherry orchards which are located throughout the city , especially along the so-called road that loops the western edge of the city .
my cam is an app for apple 's ios mobile operating system developed by hefei microrapid tech .
some of the more memorable commercial works produced during this period were his june 27 , 2005 time magazine cover for china 's new revolution in which mao zedong is depicted wearing louis vuitton and his may/june 2006 cover for communication arts depicting che guevara wearing a nike logo and apple headphones .
acting gilligan 's first acting role came in 2014 when he played an aspiring actor who quits his job at apple in '' vcr maintenance and educational publishing '' , the ninth episode of the fifth season of nbc 's comedy series community .
in addition to citrus , these include avocado , banana , apple , cherries , plum , nectarine , grape , dates , strawberries , ) , persimmon , loquat ( shesek ) and pomegranate .
adams pearmain is a cultivar of apple .
characterized by its production of apple and demonstrate a remarkable growth mainly in the tourist town of barreal and tamberías origin of name several have been the meanings that have been given to indigenous root of this word .
the local economy includes forestry , apple orchard and sheep and dairy farming .
symbol is one of the four standard fonts available on all postscript - based printers , starting with apple 's original laserwriter ( 1985 ) .
some of the fruits that are used include seedless grape , mulberries and other berries , bergamot , apricot , apple , pear , sour and sweet cherries , orange and kumquat , lemon , grapefruit , tangerine , pomegranate , quince , fig , prune , etc. .
examples : apple and nike jointly developing a new service for joggers omega and the james bond franchise partnered to promote the films and the company 's watches companies such as the smc group specialize in entertainment co-marketing , and have negotiated a number of deals including alexandra burke and sure deodorant , shaggy and logitech ultimate ears co-creative marketing the co-creation of a company and consumers are contained in the co-marketing .
fruits and vegetables apple banana boats a traditional campfire treat consisting of a banana cut lengthwise and stuffed with marshmallow and chocolate , then wrapped in aluminium foil and cooked in the embers left over from a campfire .
cruncheroos is a whole grain oat breakfast cereal manufactured by kellogg's , originally available in the united states and canada in two flavors , apple and cinnamon or honey and almond .
for example , honey ; most legume ; fruits such as apple , blackberries , blueberries , cantaloupe , pomegranate , cherries , cranberries , grape , pear , plum , raspberries , aronia berries , and strawberries ; and vegetable such as broccoli , cabbage , celery , onion and parsley are rich in polyphenols .
other stores in the center include apple , river island , next , hollister , h&m , primark , everyman , conran restaurants and mango .
other works advertising crary has been involved extensively in advertising as well , working with companies such as nokia , mazda , guitar center , bacardi , ray-ban , the contrarian media , apple , and others .
the specific devices included : blackberry : unknown android : t-mobile g1 iphone : apple iphone 2.0 symbian : nokia n95 windows mobile : htc touch as with the browser contest , the attack surface available to contestants was progressively expanded over three days .
evidence that police seized from huguely 's apartment included two apple laptop computers , a spiral notebook , two white socks , bathroom and entryway rugs , and a virginia lacrosse shirt with a red stain .
a week later apple reps began contacting websites and blogs to dispute mckinney 's claims and to announce that itunes lps would be available to everyone soon .
its ground is rich and welcomes all sorts of plants especially and has an abundance olive trees , grapevine and apple trees .
apple has produced several lines of printers in its history , but no longer produces or supports these devices today .
on june 26 , apple finalized the update and released it as we rule 1.1 .
2013 , with other the new york times reporters , pulitzer prize for explanatory reporting , for a series of 10 articles on the business practices of apple and other technology companies .
before the release of the album , three promotional singles were released exclusively on apple 's itunes store as a countdown to teenage dream .
'' problems one question is whether such a large group of operators are able to respond to changing market conditions , particularly in the wake of the influence exerted by apple and google .
eight inc. has designed furniture for metro , a division of steelcase , kitchen accessories for williams-sonoma , interactive design solutions for citibank and nokia , and environmental exhibitions for herman miller and apple .
particularly susceptible are carrot , lettuce , spinach , apple , currant and gooseberries .
former apple ceo , steve jobs , holding a white iphone 4 .
the town 's main industries include apple and cherry orchard , and there are numerous cottages available for bed and breakfast accommodation .
is in the process of releasing all 83 books electronically in the u.s. , and the rest of the world , through apple 's ibookstore , amazon.com , barnes & noble , kobobooks.com and digitalbok .
adobe systems warns that applications built using phonegap may be rejected by apple for being too slow or not feeling '' native '' enough ( having appearance and functionality consistent with what users have come to expect on the platform ) .
released 2008 , it featured a high resolution display ( ~ 311 ppi pixel density ) and it was intended to fill the widening gap of smartphones as other competitors were producing high-end smartphone devices such as htc and apple .
despite this success , problems arose because real 's primary business model depended upon the sale of streaming media server software , and microsoft and apple were giving those products away .
apple offers a free service called - find my iphone for iphones running ios .
digital learning program the school leases macbook air laptops from apple and provides one to each student .
traditional variations of fruit mustards include apple mustard ( traditional in mantua and very hot ) , quince mostarda ( or mostarda vicentina , mild and with a jam-like appearance ) and cherry mustard .
the series was animated on apple computers using adobe flash , a program which jones used on his first alfe projects in massachusetts .
'' 14 mobile phone manufacturers and technology providers signed the mou -- the original 10 signatories , apple , lg , motorola , nec , nokia , qualcomm , rim , samsung , sony ericsson , and texas instruments as well as atmel , emblaze mobile , huawei technologies and tct mobile ( alcatel ) .
on october 19 , 2012 , apple releases an exclusive and innovative mobile app edition of urban wolf available on its 172 itunes app stores worldwide for iphone , ipod touch and ipad .
unlike the built-in archive utility from apple it includes the ability to extract and compress in many archive formats , as well as the ability to view an archive and selectively extract files without automatically extracting the entire contents .
the brand does not have any retail outlets but sells selected items via high street stores including hmv , apple premium resellers and selfridges & co .
the company 's initial product , an ipad application that created video summaries of over 3 million search terms , was downloaded more than 3 million times and named by apple as the best '' search and reference '' application of 2011 .
the blessings for the apple and honey : transliteration : barukh ata adonai eloheinu , melekh ha'olam , bo 're p ` ri ha'etz .
the first of three proposed phases of the initiative was approved by the board of education in april 2005 , authorizing purchase of apple laptops for all teachers , upgrades of middle school business labs , and the establishment of four high school pilot sites to test and evaluate individual student laptop use .
the company was acquired by apple in 2002 .
non-microsoft operating systems on october 16 , 2007 , apple announced on their website that the next version of their flagship operating system , mac os x v10.5 ( '' leopard '' ) , would include microsoft sans serif .
the stamp was also central to an augmented reality app for windows , apple iphone , ipad 2 and ipod touch .
farther north , apple , pear , plum , and strawberries were more common .
fielding started his career as an engineer at cisco systems and apple .
fruit grapes ( mostly for the wine harvest ) , together with lemons , apple and pear are the most important fruit harvests , produced mainly in the río negro valleys of río negro province and neuquén province , as well as mendoza province .
when native foods are scarce , particularly during drought , the bats may take introduced or commercial fruits , such as mango and apple .
quark , quake army knife editor , for a variety of engines ( such as quake iii arena , half-life , source engine games , torque , etc. ) quiver ( level editor ) , a level editor for the original quake engine developed solely for the classic macintosh operating system by scott kevill , who is also the developer and administrator of gameranger tile studio general purpose sprite/level editor for game programmers toetag , a level editor for the original quake engine , natively developed on and for the apple os x operating system visual pinball stencyl includes a scene designer module which is used to place tiles , actors , and assign behaviors and settings .
the word for '' sin '' and '' evil '' in their language is '' nania '' ( sic ) , ( an invention of moore , not lytton ) and the reader is directed to a ( fictional ) document referring to a british project to grow an apple tree .
though the roast can be purchased separately , it is also offered as part of a meal with cranberry - apple - potato dumplings , gravy , and '' wishstix '' made from tofurky jurky , a meatless jerky product .
vnc pocket office pro is a vnc viewer that runs on apple ios devices , such as iphones , ipads and ipod touch devices .
the first case for baer to oversee in june 2013 was a trial that the division filed accusing book publishers of conspiring with apple to fix the prices of e-books .
partnerships in october 2010 , university of alabama 's management information systems program announced a partnership with code rebel , llc to create apple ipod touch , iphone , and ipad applications .
in the article , west compares himself to apple co-founder steve jobs and refers to himself as '' the nucleus of all society .
however , with the release of the first ios 6 beta in june 2012 , apple announced that they had created their own map service .
apple asked the publisher , throwaway horse , to censor several panels which contravened their policy on nudity , but reversed their decision later in the year .
engagement advertising truex has worked with microsoft , visa , apple , disney , coca-cola , kia , kraft , macys , nestle , procter & gamble and discover on online advertisements .
history after the boll weevil came through and destroyed georgia 's cotton crops in the 1920s , gilmer county 's economy was bolstered by its apple orchards .
etymology in khamkura syauli means apple .
the most popular use of simbl is to add functionality to the apple safari web browser which did not have an apple-authorized plugin system until version 5 in 2010 .
the larvae feed on prunus spinosa , prunus padus , prunus cerasus and other prunus species , as well as on apple and crataegus .
the larvae feed on crataegus , apple , prunus cerasus , prunus spinosa ( and perhaps other prunus ) , pyrus communis ( and perhaps other pyrus species ) , sorbus and cotoneaster .
plot it is april 3 and phil 's ( ty burrell ) birthday coincides with the launch of the new apple ipad .
in 2014 , the top cell phone manufacturers were samsung , nokia , apple , and lg .
some notable tech companies headquartered in the south bay are amd , adobe , intel , netflix , cisco systems , hewlett-packard , apple , google , ebay , facebook and yahoo! .
it has been argued that apple has in some ways become a monopsonist in that it can dictate terms to suppliers of electronic components .
subsequently opengl es support was announced in july 2008 via jsr 239 along with support for the apple iphone .
other economic fields almond blossoms in dirmstein besides winegrowing , fruitgrowing , especially apple , holds some importance in dirmstein .
tropical fruits are grown on hainan island , apple and pear are grown in northern liaoning and shandong .
the ancient greek word '' μήλον '' ( mēlon ) , now a loanword in english as melon or water melon did not mean , in homer 's time , apple , the pomaceous fruit , but sheep or goat .
his research was focused on fruit tree breeding , selection and seed physiology as well as working with apple vegetative rootstock , and hybrids of peach and cherry .
realizing the business potential , the two raised $ 15,000 over the 1994 christmas break and purchased an apple internet server .
in february 2011 , apple introduced its new line of macbook pro notebook computers and announced that the technology 's commercial name would be thunderbolt , with macbook pros being the first machines to feature the new i/o technology .
aurora golden gala is a cultivar of apple selected from a cross between the apples splendour and ' gala ' made at the pacific agri-food research centre ( parc ) , summerland , bc .
specific software wars browser wars : describes the actions of microsoft , google , mozilla , apple , and opera continuing to have a rearmament cycle of trying to create the authoritative web browser .
it can be found in apple , butter , yogurt , asparagus , black currant , blackberry , wheat , broccoli , brussels sprouts , cantaloupe .
with the advent of online music stores , such as apple 's itunes music store , à la carte song buying has become the norm .
fruit trees are common in the valley , and the cultivated orchards yield pears , apple , peach , and cherries .
educational materials distinguishing green and blue only came into use after world war ii : thus , even though most japanese consider them to be green , the word ao is still used to describe certain vegetable , apple , and vegetation .
temperatures normally range between 23 ° c and 30 ° c. crops grown include : millet cassava maize sorghum groundnuts bean irish potatoes sweet potatoes matooke passion fruit tomato cabbage cotton orange coffee chili pepper mango pineapple pear apple sugar cane most of the agricultural produce is either sold locally or transported for sale in kampala and to other cities and towns in uganda .
the desktop organization of music is primarily embedded into audio player and media player like amarok , rhythmbox , banshee , mediamonkey , songbird , apple 's itunes and microsoft 's windows media player or zune .
cortland is a cultivar of apple .
amongst its innovations was the breeding of cortland , empire , jonagold , jonamac and macoun apple .
one digital solution is the itunes lp format for interactive album artwork introduced by apple on 9 september 2009 .
in april 2011 , the company 's market value surpassed that of nokia , making htc the third-largest smartphone-maker in the world behind apple and samsung .
'' bernal was later hired to participate in advertisements for heineken ( dancing to '' cobrastyle '' by the teddybears ) , volkswagen , apple ipod , 7-eleven slurpee , pepsi , puma , and doritos .
cowiche , like much of the yakima valley , is known for its apple crops .
'' hey mama '' has been used for several advertisements including advertisements for apple and itunes .
mecey uses apple computers when working on the digital side of photography .
braeburn apples for sale on a uk market stall the braeburn is a cultivar of apple that is firm to the touch with a red/orange vertical streaky appearance on a yellow/green background .
the macintosh version added a number of additional features which are n't available in the original pc release , including ipod & hd resolution video export modes , integration with apple 's ilife applications such as itunes , imovie hd and garageband , and an extra bonus utility .
flavors apple pie a la mode banana banana cream pie blueberry muffin butterscotch caramel cream chocolate chocolate caramel chocolate cookie dough chocolate cupcake chocolate daredevil chocolate fudge chocolate mud pie chocolate vanilla cinnamon roll frosted sugar cookie ice cream sandwich lemon lemon meringue pie milk chocolate cherry gels s'mores strawberry gel strawberry orange gels tapioca vanilla triple - brownie chocolate fudge and swirl black cherry gels cherry / lemon lime gels orange gels many of the above flavors are available in \* no sugar added \* and \* fat free \* varieties .
the letter said that gates and ballmer had lost their way and compared them to apple whom he believed had not .
sk8 ( pronounced '' skate '' ) was a multimedia authoring environment developed in apple 's advanced technology group from 1988 until 1997 .
this task is usually performed by itunes , but since apple has only released versions for mac os x , windows 7 , windows vista and windows xp , gtkpod provides the needed support for other operating systems .
additionally , traders nation ( tm ) was the only financial talk show pre-loaded in apple 's itunes software , and had been found in realmedia 's european player , and equity feed commercial software platform .
the south park episode '' humancentipad '' saw character kyle broflovski unwittingly agreeing to become a part of a '' human cent ipad '' after failing to read the full details of an apple user license agreement .
the magic mouse is a multi-touch mouse manufactured and sold by apple .
bright also said that windows 8 's duality towards tablets and traditional pcs was an '' extremely ambitious '' aspect of the platform as well , but criticized microsoft for emulating apple 's model of a closed distribution platform when implementing the windows store .
larry tesler , who left xerox parc in 1980 to join apple underlined the relationship : relationship to domain object modelling there is also an obvious synergy between the concept of an ooui and the idea of constructing software from domain objects .
the 2006 recordings were the first to use the phonetic alphabet , and were provided by the voice of susan bennett ( who is best known today for being the voice of siri on apple 's iphone , and is the female voice of delta air lines ' gate boarding announcements at the airport ) .
the schoolhouse is now a museum with an apple orchard nearby and was declared a state historic site in 2005 .
his song '' perfect timing ( this morning ) '' was featured in television commercials for apple 's iphone .
in 2010 , the company filed a lawsuit against apple , samsung , texas instruments , qualcomm , and other smartphone and mobile technology providers .
other products include game software for the most popular platforms by sony , microsoft , nintendo and apple .
most recently aim have featured in the press over their contract negotiations with apple for rights to distribute their labels ' content on the itunes service .
cidona is an apple - based soft drink that has been on sale since 1955 .
in versions other than the commodore 64 version , a variety of power-up are available , including ecstasy tablets ( for a turn of speed ) , spliff ( to fly over life 's troubles ) and apple ( because they 're good for you ) .
operating system support both microsoft and apple include ptp support in their operating system , from windows me onwards ( excluding windows ce ) , and mac os x v10.1 onwards , respectively .
architectures centos supports only the x86 architectures : x86 with physical address extension ( pae ) ( 32-bit ) x86-64 ( amd 's amd64 , 64-bit ) the following architectures are not supported by centos ( as of version 6 ) : x86 without physical address extension ( pae ) ( as of centos 6 ) ia-64 ( intel itanium architecture , 64-bit ) ( beta support since centos 3 ) powerpc / 32 ( apple macintosh and powermac running the g3 or g4 powerpc processor ) ( beta support since centos 3 ) ibm mainframe ( eserver zseries and s/390 ) ( not centos 5 ) alpha ( centos 4 only ) sparc ( beta support since centos 3 ) a live cd version of centos is available at mirror.centos.org .
the following is a list of known defunct hdd manufacturers : alps electric -- left industry amcodyne ampex apple -- produced the proprietary lisa 20mb widget drive in house in 1984 for less than two years before leaving the hard drive business .
2010s in may 2010 the company secured almost exclusive uk rights to sell the apple ipad .
this iff was adopted by a number of developers including apple for aiff files and microsoft for riff files ( which were used as the basis for the avi and wav file format ) .
the capital ( quba ) is located on the kudyal river at 41.37 ° n , 48.50 ° e. the fertile region surrounding quba is best known for its production of apple and the city area of quba is known for its fine carpet .
since version 2.0.5 , netatalk supports the use of time machine over a network in a similar fashion to apple 's own time capsule .
the foliage has a strong apple - like fragrance .
the apple reflects the desire of sweetness , the tulip beauty , marijuana intoxication , and the potato sustenance .
orchard of cherry , apple , and peach trees surround the town .
he also programmed the apple version of donkey kong , the commodore 64 version of super zaxxon , as well as maze master ( a spiritual predecessor of the bard 's tale ) .
its best-known crops are the apple grown in the cumberland valley , but corn , potato , bean , and varieties of green-leaf vegetable are grown as well .
griffin technology produced an hd radio tuner designed to be plugged into the dock connector of an apple ipod or iphone , with tuning functionality provided via software through the device 's multi-touch display .
economy the landscape of this area is considered typical of normandy agricultural and producing dairy produce and apple .
cdt 's launch was assisted by seed donations from at & t corporation , bell atlantic , nynex , apple , and microsoft .
frugos néctar de naranja ( orange nectar ) frugos néctar de manzana ( apple nectar ) frugos néctar de durazno ( peach nectar ) philippines minute maid pulpy orange , with real pulp bits minute maid pulpy mango-orange , with real pulp bits minute maid pulpy four seasons , with real pulp bits peru frugos russia minute maid is marketed under the brand '' моя семья '' ( eng .
'' it is also said that they wanted a name that would appear before '' apple '' in a directory .
apple , crabapple , etc. olea europia olive prunus spp .
past sponsors of the event include activision , nvidia , amd , aspyr , asus , ventrilo , apple , ati technologies , at & t inc . , alienware , ageia , 1up network , fragarcade , intel , d-link , logitech , linksys , spike tv , newegg.com and lucent technologies .
mini-vga connectors are most commonly seen on apple 's ibook , emac , early powerbook ( 12 inch ) , and some imac , but has also been included on several laptops manufactured by sony .
history intel , silicon graphics , apple , and sun all had retained mode scene graph apis under development in 1996 .
it contains poppy seed , walnut , apple , raisin and ricotta fillings .
browning foods may be desirable , as in caramelization , or undesirable , as in an apple turning brown after being cut .
apple cofounder steve wozniak makes an appearance as well to talk about his phone phreaking days , as does phreaking pioneer john '' captain crunch '' draper .
it was n't until early 2008 , however , with the release of the apple iphone in 2007 did firemint really expand their games market share .
cricketdraw was a second generation vector graphics creation software program for the apple macintosh by cricket software .
cricketgraph was a graphic software program for the apple macintosh by cricket software sold until 1996 .
cox 's orange pippin apple cultivar first grown , at colnbrook in buckinghamshire by horticulturist and retired brewer richard cox .
in the final book of the series , she refuses a slice of cake during ramona 's birthday celebration claiming that it is probably unhygienic and eating an apple instead , but soon afterward she confesses , in tears , her lifelong strive for perfection among adults , and her relationship with ramona quimby seems to improve afterward .
economy , agriculture erseka-kolonja is known for its apple production throughout albania .
ingrid marie apples ingrid marie is a traditional apple .
in the early years , it drew major companies as sponsors , such as apple , microsoft , adobe systems and kodak , while at the same time staying an underground party .
business steve jobs ( february 24 , 1955 -- october 5 , 2011 ) , was the co-founder and former ceo of apple , the largest disney shareholder , and a member of disney 's board of directors .
originally used for mixed cropping , especially potatoes and other vegetables , by the late 19th century franklin and its immediate surrounds were a major apple orcharding region .
occurrences in food including apple , basil , bilberries , cranberries , elder flower , peppermint , rosemary , lavender , oregano , thyme , hawthorn , and prunes .
apple and pear juices are used , and date or other fruit juices can be used as well .
the brand later released their service as an application for apple and android devices .
acronis access , released in march 2014 , provides secure access , syncing and sharing for the enterprise , as well as extremez-ip , which offers seamless integration of apple devices into enterprise environments .
it was supported by apple who even advertised it on appstore site the game was bought by 13 000 people and downloaded for free by another 130 000 people the android version is scheduled for 2014 .
in the 19th century , pastila was made from sourish russian apple such as antonovka or mashed northern berries ( lingonberry , rowan , currant ) sweetened with honey and lightened with egg white .
he designed the branding trademark of the first macintosh computer , introduced in 1984 , for tom hughes , steve jobs and apple .
on september 9 , 2014 , apple announced the iphone 6 and iphone 6 plus which supports h. 265 for facetime over cellular .
past public studies ntp , inc. in december 2010 , article one partners launched community examination of 3 patents owned by non-practicing entity , ntp inc . the patents in question were central to the ongoing patent infringement suits filed by ntp against apple , google , microsoft , htc , lg , and motorola .
at september 2012 olvi released two new tastes to the softdrink collection : lagoon ( pear - apple ) and space comet ( orange - cola ) .
walnut , cherry , apple , apricot , berries and many other fruits are produced at bagh gol .
irise products operate on the microsoft windows xp , vista and windows 7 operating systems , as well as apple mac os .
the application was originally made available only on apple ios devices .
a tourist destination , the economy of the district also benefits from orchard of apple and cherries .
she has also modeled for apple and alexander mcqueen and appeared in vogue , purple fashion and nylon magazine .
the tapuah , which means '' apple '' in modern hebrew , is mentioned in the bible , but it is not clear if this referred to another fruit , such as the quince .
the larvae have been recorded feeding on apple .
netboot is a technology from apple which enables macs with capable firmware ( i.e. new world rom ) to boot from a network , rather than a local hard disk or optical disc drive .
in current apple computers , none of them contain combo drives .
the group provided software , hardware and support services for the apple world until 1990 .
a.p.p.l.e. is an all volunteer apple / macintosh users group .
history midiman logo m-audio was founded in the late 1990s by tim ryan , an engineer and graduate of the california institute of technology who had co-designed the con brio advanced digital synthesizer and helped develop midi software for commodore and apple computers , including two of the best-selling midi software titles at that time , studio one and studio two .
drm - crippled aac from the apple itunes music store is not supported .
the auraicept glosses aball '' apple '' , muin : the kennings connect this name to three different words , muin '' neck , upper part of the back '' , muin '' wile , ruse '' , and muin '' love , esteem '' .
it is used on apple keyboards as the symbol for the command key .
his invention of the library 1.1 allows a.p.p.l.e to produce the software and document libraries in a matter of seconds covering the entire range of apple computer .
companies with both an executive chairman and a ceo include ford , hsbc , google , hp , and apple .
larsen orchard remnant - apple trees , with an underplanting of spring-flowering bulbs .
the ' sturmer pippin ' is a dessert apple cultivar , believed to be a ' ribston pippin ' and ` nonpareil ' cross .
it is prepared by removing the guts of the pumpkin ( known as դդում in armenian , pronounced ddum in eastern armenian and ttum in western armenian ) and stuffing it with boiled rice and a variety of dried fruits such as chopped almond , apple , cornel , apricot , plums , dates , prune and raisin .
in july , 2007 , barefoot created another satirical website , iphatigue , that parodies the apple website .
the river valleys of pontus also ran parallel to the coast and were quite fertile , supporting cattle herds and millet , along with fruit trees including cherry ( named for the city of cerasus ) , apple and pear .
the most prevalent stuffing are apple , sweet chestnut , prune and onion .
additionally contemporary commonly used electronic items , such as apple ipod and nintendo ds and sony psp portable gaming devices are directly named and mentioned , as well as a chevrolet corvette c6 , which according to motor trend is slated for replacement in 2010 .
a greasy butcher , a hog snout and gene pitney are all kinds of apple .
washington 's father said '' my son , your truth means more to me than 1,000 trees bathed in silver , with apple of gold .
ridgedale center 's lineup of merchants also includes ann taylor loft , apple , bebe , coach , coldwater creek , hollister co . , white house black market , buckle , and papyrus .
currently , the network hosts thirty podcasts and live streaming shows , covering various topics including apple , microsoft , google , computer security , social networking , and current technology news .
her song '' bourgeois shangri-la '' from the album dancing the whole way home was used by apple in the ipod nano 5g television commercial , and her song '' oh boy '' was used in a 2010 volvo c70 commercial .
the company 's most popular brand , porter , often collaborates with other fashion brands and consumer electronics companies to produce limited edition products , examples of which have included cases and bags for sony psp , vaio , and apple powerbook , and ipod products .
plenty of the weeks news and current played games are covered but also retro titles are discussed as well as general comments and discussion on the video game industry as a whole the brutal gamer podcast spent an extended six-week period in the apple itunes new and notable section upon initial release and continues to be enjoy by thousands the world over .
the closely related tessaratoma quadrata and tessaratoma javanica are also minor pests of apple , pear , and lychee trees .
the project has been globally recognized by the likes of apple , google , citrix and gartner as '' industry defining '' and world leading in key it trends .
remnants of the apple orchards and plants from gardens long ago are thought to still be in the area .
pentalobe the pentalobe screw drive ( often mistaken for 5-point torx screw drives ) is a five-pointed tamper-resistant system being implemented by apple in its products .
application features include : shake the iphone to locate the nearest restroom total offline search so the application is stable even if a signal fails once one is logged in add a review of any store , restaurant or restroom photo and video reviews availability a free download , it is available for the apple mobile devices ( ipad , iphone , ipod touch ) as well as devices using the android operating system .
it is usually encrypted with apple 's fairplay drm technology .
bombus occidentalis has been commercially reared to pollinate crops such as alfalfa , avocado , apple , cherries , blackberries , cranberries , and blueberries .
it looks similar to apple 's itunes media player , but with a few differences ( such as the location of the album artwork ) .
moreover , the trustedbsd mac framework has been adopted by apple for os x .
darwin , the core of apple os x , includes a virtual file system and network stack derived from the freebsd virtual file system and network stack , and components of its userspace are also freebsd-derived .
the version recorded by louis armstrong was featured in an advertisement for apple 's new iphone 4 in 2010 .
an illustration for a pear variety from the pomona the herefordshire pomona is a 19th-century catalogue of the apple and pear that were grown in the county of herefordshire in england .
both apple and microsoft flew their flags at half-staff throughout their respective headquarters and campuses .
speakers included tom eslinger , worldwide digital creative director at saatchi & saatchi , ben barokas from google , prof. paul kewene-hite , former evangelist at apple , edu pou , creative director at wieden%2bkennedy amsterdam , miriam healy from akqa berin , jon bradford , managing director at springboard , dieter kopitzki , head of digital marketing at audi , jay basnight , head of digital strategy at puma , etc. next edition of digitalk is scheduled for june 3 , 2013 .
the mountainous terrain offered little food but some pear , apple , and other tree-fruits insufficient to feed such a host of fighting men .
the company develops on the platforms : android , apple 's ios , facebook , mobile phones , pc , sony ( playstation 2 , playstation 3 , and psp ) , nintendo ( ds , and wii ) , and web .
vapor-tight presses are used during the production of soybean protein concentrate ( spc ) , citrus and apple pectin , bioresin , and xanthan gum .
on march 24 , 2011 , color launched its application '' color for facebook '' in apple 's app store .
on august 14 , 2012 , timeflies released their official application to the apple app store produced by the development team of matthew hamilton and graham tomlinson .
smashwords achieved a profit in 2010 and has partnered with apple , barnes & noble , kobo , and sony .
the app caught the attention of apple who featured trimit as a new and noteworthy application on the app store at the same time .
the ppi value made the display sharper than even that of the apple ipad 2 , which offered only 132 ppi on a 9.7-inch screen .
in 2011 , the company launched the zaggmate , a dual-purpose case for the apple ipad , that also serves as a wireless bluetooth keyboard .
the program is designed for browser based use on windows - and apple - based computers , and it is used to certify and report on an institution 's research efforts for which a was awarded in addition to providing projected grant efforts that may be required in the future .
history nest labs was founded in 2010 by former apple engineers tony fadell and matt rogers .
the original formulation of hawaiian punch was composed of 7 fruit flavors : apple , apricot , guava , orange , papaya , passion fruit , and pineapple .
other mitchell and webb have also appeared in the short-lived u.k. regional versions of the ' get a mac ' advertisements for apple .
apple acquired emagic in july 2002 .
a macintosh clone is a personal computer made by a manufacturer other than apple , using ( or compatible with ) macintosh rom and system software .
safe foods include oranges , apple , grape , peanut , walnut , and sunflower seed .
in captivity , aldabra giant tortoises are known to consume fruit such as apple and banana , as well as compressed vegetable pellets .
the topping may be dropped onto the top of the apple in clumps , which have a ` cobbled ' appearance , thus the name .
it was released exclusively on apple 's itunes music store website .
other browser vendors such as apple with cyberdog followed later that year .
powervr accelerators are not manufactured by powervr , but instead their integrated circuit designs and patent are licensed to other companies , such as texas instruments , intel , nec , blackberry , renesas , samsung , stmicroelectronics , freescale , apple , nxp semiconductors ( formerly philips semiconductors ) , and many others .
it consisted of the traditional google search bar , but it was made to look like the dock user interface feature of apple 's mac os x operating system .
they reportedly have raised over $ 5.5 billion from many large companies including microsoft , intel , sony , nokia , apple , google , yahoo , american express , adobe , sap , nvidia , and ebay , plus investment firms such as stanford , hewlett foundation , mayo clinic , and charles river ventures .
somewhen between 1989 and 1993 daniel s. venolia of apple developed another mouse prototype with a thumb-wheel accessible on the side ; it was filed for patent in 1992 as .
the sudden motion sensor ( sms ) is apple 's patent-pending motion-based hardware and data-protection system used in their notebook computer systems .
agriculture the region is one of norway 's most important sources of fruit and constitutes approximately 40 % of the national fruit production , including apple , plum , pear , cherry and redcurrant .
the eight palinkas with local pdo pálinkas with pdo include , szatmári szilvapálinka ( plum pálinka of szatmár ) , a kecskeméti barackpálinka ( apricot pálinka of kecskemét ) , szabolcsi almapálinka ( apple pálinka of szabolcs ) , békési szilvapálinka ( plum pálinka of békés ) , gönci barackpálinka ( apricot pálinka of gönc ) , újfehértói meggypálinka ( sour cherry pálinka of újfehértó ) , göcseji körtepálinka ( pear pálinka of göcsej ) and pannonhalmi törkölypálinka ( pomace pálinka of pannonhalma ) .
the long tail was popularized by chris anderson in an october 2004 wired magazine article , in which he mentioned amazon.com , apple and yahoo! as examples of businesses applying this strategy .
apple used yet another encoding called the macintosh central european encoding .
applemasters was a group of selected people from all over the world who used and endorsed the apple macintosh computer .
some of the most accessible staple vegetables , greens , and fruit are collard greens , turnip greens , kale , parsnip , butternut squash , tomato , mango , blueberries , watermelon , and an occasional apple or banana slice and watercress as a treat .
as the result of several private and state grants , bolton high school has issued apple mac os x laptop to all of their students and teachers .
hazlitt also said that the dab platform in the uk was not economically viable and that growth in digital radio would come from fm and internet radio , announcing a deal with apple to stream gcap stations on the ipod touch and iphone on the same day .
members include dell , microsoft , cisco systems , morgan stanley , intel , emc , nasdaq , western digital , yahoo , apple and many other venture capitalist , investment institutions , and large companies with a vested interest in us congressional legislation .
they typically feature solid colors of red , white , black , or gray , and have been described as '' stylish '' and as '' apple of the sex toy industry .
he has made television appearances on cbs , cnn moneyline , cnbc , and wall street week , and given presentations to numerous organizations , conferences , and to companies , such as ibm , apple , automatic data processing , and electronic data systems .
as well as plum trees it attacks many other broad-leafed species ( other prunus , apple , pear , willow , poplar , maple , hornbeam , plane , oak , elm , lilac , and many others ) .
mac os x lion ( version 10.7 ; marketed as os x lion ) is the eighth major release of mac os x , apple 's desktop and server operating system for macintosh computers .
the symmetrical geometric parterre were enriched with rows of hornbeam with linden gazebo and dwarf fruit trees were planted ( quince , cherries , apple ) .
commercials in november 2010 , t-mobile began airing a series of popular television commercials mocking apple 's mac vs. pc commercials by portraying the iphone and at&t network as '' a haggard pair of piggybacking fellows '' and the mytouch 4g as model carly foulkes .
it is not available as an ` app ' via the main apple or android app stores , as they both have no nudity policies with which the site would be in direct conflict .
apple and pear were the main orchard crops in this area , and potatoes were another of its leading products .
the surrounding area produces 20 % of patagonia's apple and 28 % of its pear .
the app was regarded by some commentators as '' great , '' but apple routinely rejected it for inclusion in the app store .
natural occurrence 1-undecanol is found naturally in many foods such as fruits ( including apple and banana ) , butter , eggs and cooked pork .
economy plevroma produces apple , cherries and peach .
'' the resulting lighthearted images were featured from august to october 2005 in the arclight cinemas gallery in hollywood , published as a mini-book , and released as an apple dashboard widget .
during live shows , the band has been known to use digital string tracks , with the apple computer program garageband , to create a closer sound to their recorded songs .
its distant ancestors include vannevar bush 's proposed '' memex '' system in 1945 , the collaborative hypertext database zog in 1972 , the notecards system from xerox , the apple hypertext system hypercard .
kompot - clear juice obtained by cooking fruit , in a large volume of water , like strawberries , apricot , peach , apple , rhubarb , gooseberries , or sour cherries .
agriculture dhirkot is famous for fruits , especially apple and apricot .
chronic exposure in addition to its uses as a pesticide and insecticide , cyanide is contained in tobacco smoke and smoke from building fires , and is present in some foods such as almonds , apricot kernel , apple seeds , orange seeds , cassava ( also known as yuca or manioc ) , and bamboo shoots .
daring fireball is the web site of john gruber , an apple enthusiast and writer .
it gained recognition as the company with which apple contracted for development of the original ipod .
her favorite foods are strawberries , apple and cherries and she loves playing with her radio controlled duck .
fruit and leaf detail gala is a clonally propagated apple with a mild and sweet flavor .
polyphenol flavonoid red , blue , purple pigment flavonol quercetin red and yellow onion , tea , wine , apple , cranberries , buckwheat , bean .
hydroxycinnamic acid caffeic acid burdock , hawthorn , artichoke , pear , basil , thyme , oregano , apple , olive oil .
these sold reasonably well , but as the decade closed , it became apparent to the company that the altair 's day had passed , due to new competition from other small computer makers like apple , commodore and radio shack .
they are commonly named hog plums , spanish plums , libas in bikol and in some cases golden apples for their brightly colored fruit which resemble an apple or large plum at a casual glance .
holdings top ten holdings : apple inc. ( aapl ) exxon mobil corp. ( xom ) international business machines ( ibm ) at&t inc. ( t ) microsoft corp. ( msft ) general electric co. ( ge ) citigroup inc. ( c ) chevron corp. ( cvx ) johnson & johnson ( jnj ) coca-cola co. ( ko ) pfizer inc. ( pfe ) ( as of june 2012 ) competitors ishares s & p 100 mainly competes with s & p 500 funds , including spdr s & p 500 ( ) , ishares core s & p 500 ( ) , and vanguard s & p 500 etf ( ) .
economy the local economy is predominantly agricultural , with apple and grape being the main crops .
apple christened the color of the exterior of its original imac g3 personal computer '' bondi blue '' when it was introduced in 1998 .
the first flavors were apricot , apple , guava , mango , pear , plum and tamarind , today several additional flavors and blends are offered under its brands .
it features traditional instruments such as the piano , trumpet and violin , and also contains unique and invented instruments such as the wine-o-phone , metallophone , tack piano , filing cabinet , and kitchen utensil , all recorded with one microphone on an apple powerbook .
the outbound laptop was an apple macintosh-compatible laptop computer .
a version for the apple macintosh , announced for 1991 , was also released .
history the first version ( windows 1.0 ) featured a tiling window manager , partly because of litigation by apple claiming ownership of the overlapping window desktop metaphor .
at 5.4 % of annual revenue , this is a larger proportion than any of the world 's top-20 companies by sales ( apple spent 0.6 % and general motors spent 3.5 % ) .
she was also shown as a contestant on the 7,000 th episode of the price is right the day after where she won prizes worth including a first-class trip to acapulco , mexico , an apple mac pro computer , a rolex watch , viking cooking appliances , and a midi recording keyboard .
cadophora malorum is a plant pathogen that causes side rot in apple and pear and can also cause disease on asparagus and kiwifruit .
apple placed the music video for question everything on the mac os 9.1 cd , and later included a high-quality mp3 copy of the song to demo the new digital speakers included with the powermac g4 cube .
a similar but unrelated extension provides the same functionality in apple safari .
xylaria mali is a plant pathogen that causes black rot on apple .
in 1988 , quantum began offering the applelink online service for apple and pc-link for ibm compatible computers .
besides wine , other important crops ( mainly for the argentine market ) are apple , pear , tomato , onion , plum , olive , cherries , peach and quince .
fire blight , also written fireblight , is a contagious disease affecting apple , pear , and some other members of the family rosaceae .
one of film director ridley scott 's most famous cinematic moments was a television advertisement he directed for the apple macintosh computer , that was broadcast in 1984 .
conflict with athens coin from melos , 2nd century bc , obverse : apple ( μῆλον mēlon ) reverse : the palladion ( right ) , krater ( left ) .
amd , apple , intel , nvidia and others are supporting opencl .
produced by boston - based idg world expo , macworld/iworld is a trade-show with conference tracks dedicated to the apple macintosh platform .
apple employees , following the example of executive jean-louis gassee , at times referred to it as '' macleak '' , yet some relied on it to distribute information they could not officially disclose , to draw internal corporate attention or funding to their projects , or to find out what was happening in their own company .
the macaddict website was updated daily with news relevant to apple products .
economy naches ' economy is based mainly on timber and agriculture , known for its large production of apple , cherries , pear and various other fruits .
some notebooks ( notably the asus eee pc , the apple macbook air , and the dell mini9 and mini10 ) use a variant of the pci express mini card as an ssd .
red represents tomatoes , as leamington is the '' tomato capital of canada '' , and for other fruits , such as apple .
for 2011 -- 2015 , the party breakdown is as follows : attractions view of the lofthus area with fruit orchards ullensvang is norway 's biggest supplier of fruit , especially sweet cherries and apple .
other industries include the sale and distribution of locally grown produce , particularly wheat , apple , wine and fish .
in 2014 , james realized a profit of more than $ 30 million as part of apple 's acquisition of beats electronics ; he had originally struck a deal to get a small stake in the company at its inception in exchange for promoting its headphones .
in the process , they dropped the apple from their logo .
the gooseberry in the south of england will grow well in cool situations and may sometimes be seen in gardens near london flourishing under the partial shade of apple tree , but in the north it needs full exposure to the sun to bring the fruit to perfection .
the first , which places the return signal on the second ring and the microphone on the sleeve , is used by apple 's iphone line , htc devices , latest samsung , nokia and sony phones , among others .
in one interpretation of the commercial , '' 1984 '' used the unnamed heroine to represent the coming of the macintosh ( indicated by her white tank top with a stylized line drawing of apple 's macintosh computer on it ) as a means of saving humanity from '' conformity '' ( big brother ) .
he also discovered pectin and malic acid in apple , and isolated camphoric acid and quinic acid .
bada os apple 's iphone supports aac and fairplay protected aac files formerly used as the default encoding format in the itunes store until the removal of drm restrictions in march 2009 .
'' career in 1983 , kawasaki got a job at apple through his stanford roommate , mike boich .
at the same time , there was increasing use of guis in non-unix operating systems : the apple macintosh was released in early 1984 , followed by microsoft windows 1.0 and amiga workbench in 1985 .
history versions 1 -- 1.6 ( illustrator 88 ) adobe illustrator ' was first developed for the apple macintosh in december 1986 ( shipping in january 1987 ) as a commercialization of adobe 's in-house font development software and postscript file format .
panasonic 's p2 mxf is supported by adobe after effects , adobe premiere pro , apple final cut pro , dalet , autodesk smoke and avid , grassvalley edius , and grass valley k2 .
he was ranked the second best ceo in the world by harvard business review , after steve jobs of apple .
intel macintosh flaws earlier versions of the game experienced major flaws when operating on computers by apple using intel processors .
a community apple orchard originally planted for productive use during the 1920s , in westcliff on sea ( essex , england ) , a rural community orchard , traditionally for productive use .
the fairy tale features such elements as the magic mirror , the poisoned apple , the glass coffin , and the characters of the evil queen and the seven dwarfs , who were first given individual names in the broadway play (1912) and then given different names in walt disney 's 1937 film snow white and the seven dwarfs .
mayo clinic has adopted more than 15,000 mobile devices from apple for patient care ; including the ipad , ipad mini and iphone .
the golden delicious is a cultivar of apple with a yellow color .
to the dismay of many programmers , apple published no official documentation until release 3.2 .
additional facts albion is the center of the medina sandstone industry , and lies in the midst of a good farming region , of which it is the principal shipping point , especially for apple , cabbage and bean .
pc manufacturers noted of the issue with apple ceo , tim cook stating that he was expecting an '' an overall industry shortage of disk drives .
on february 22 , 2010 , wgn-tv became the first television station in the chicago market to allow iphone users to watch live streams of its newscasts ; the 6 : 00 to 9 : 00 a.m. block of the wgn morning news , the midday and 5 : 00 p.m. newscasts were initially available for streaming to iphone users ; at present , all newscasts are streamed through the station 's website and on apple devices , though sports segments are blacked out ( presented only with the audio feed ) due to rights restrictions with the major sports leagues .
chestnut , butternut , oak , american walnut , mahogany and teak are also very good woods ; while for fine work italian walnut , sycamore maple , apple , pear , box or plum , are usually chosen .
consumer electronics and computers apple 's products frequently appear in films , music videos and on television .
) the changes to the dock bring its functionality also close to that of apple 's newton os button bar , as found in the messagepad 2x00 series and the likes .
the version of helvetica neue used as the system font in os x 10.10 is specially optimised ; apple 's intention is to provide a consistent experience for people who use both ios and os x. neue helvetica w1g ( 2009 ) it is a version with latin extended , greek , cyrillic scripts support .
farmers grew corn , wheat , rye and potato , but the area became noted for apple orchard .
londonderry is known for its apple orchard and is home to the headquarters of stonyfield farm and partial home to manchester-boston regional airport .
maczoop was a popular application framework for the apple macintosh , based on carbon .
this presented a problem to apple : the mac was due to be launched in 1983 ( originally ) , with a new user interface paradigm , but no third-party software would be available for it , nor could users easily write their own .
examples of a major public beta test are : in september 2000 a boxed version of apple 's mac os x public beta operating system was released .
occasionally , strong apical dominance is advantageous , as in the '' ballerina '' apple trees .
the early development team of the apple macintosh used a pirate flag to maintain a '' rebellious '' spirit .
apple 's foundation framework ( part of cocoa ) provides the objective-c classes , , , , and .
nutrient and phytochemical content compared to apple , persimmons have higher levels of dietary fiber , sodium , potassium , magnesium , calcium , iron and manganese , but lower levels of copper and zinc .
the integrated development environment ( ide ) included with revolution is built partly on the models created by bill atkinson and the original hypercard team at apple and subsequently followed by many other software development products , such as microsoft 's visual basic .
in july 2013 icahn started an attempt to acquire dell inc. on august 13 , 2013 icahn announced that his new stock pick is apple , pushing the stock up 5 % .
full members include most of the main computer software and hardware companies with any interest in text-processing standards , including adobe systems , apple , google , ibm , microsoft , oracle corporation , yahoo! and oman 's ministry of endowments and religious affairs .
this process occurs in a volume at the star 's core approximately the size of an apple , containing about two earth masses .
other products include peppermint , spearmint , bamboo , medicinal herbs , apple , pear , peach , loquat , ginkgo .
in 2007 , a cnn business article reported that voice command was over a billion dollar industry and that companies like google and apple were trying to create voice recognition features .
samsung has long been a major manufacturer of electronic components such as lithium-ion batteries , semiconductors , chips , flash memory and hard drive devices for clients such as apple , sony , htc and nokia .
until just after world war ii the village still had apple and pear orchard .
idisk was a file hosting service offered by apple to all mobileme members that enabled them to store their digital photos , films and personal files on-line so they could be accessed remotely .
those who pre-ordered the album from apple 's itunes music store , received a bonus track called '' face the music .
in-game items food saurkraut ( at the beginning ) yogurt ( at the beginning ) peanuts grape juice burger chicken watermelon ice cream apple pizza clothes and outfits sleeveless top w/skirt and pants ( default ) robe ( at the beginning ) student lady outfit ( at the beginning ) sports bra w/yoga pants bikini raincoat - ideal for rainy/snowy days .
; powells.com : the website of powell 's books , which was originally at and started with two employees ; the company 's first online order was placed by an apple employee .
due to a rather warm climate and a lack of rain ( 400mm per year ) , the apple orchards there are irrigated .
manzanita sol is a brand of apple - flavored beverages owned by pepsico and is predominant in mexico .
high has held the distinction of being an '' apple distinguished school '' for its work in integrating technology , instruction and learning .
a , is an application-infecting , lan - spreading worm for mac os x , discovered by the apple security firm intego on february 14 , 2006 .
gema licenses responsible content provider , such as musicload , apple 's itunes store , spotify , napster , and others .
march 17 , 2006 hackers have managed to get microsoft 's windows xp operating system running on an apple intel mac computer .
market share among tablets available in the market , apple 's ipad ( left ) is the top-selling tablet with 170 million units sold by mid-october 2013 , followed by amazon 's kindle fire ( right ) with an estimated 7 million sold as of may 2012 .
the company also has a mobile application available in apple 's app store , google play , and windows phone marketplace that allows users to find and book dinner reservations .
popova 's mother studied library science ; her father studied engineering and eventually became an apple salesman .
lemon was used for adjusting of nervous system , and apple for stimulation of brain 's work .
eduardo h. '' eddy '' cue is apple 's senior vice president of internet software and services and reports to ceo tim cook .
notes is a application developed by apple .
colloquy contains a user interface that follows apple 's human interface guidelines in addition to containing support for traditional irc command-line controls such as / nick and / join .
player support optimal solutions : hardware apple : iphone ipod classic supports gapless playback of mp3s and aacs from the fifth generation onward ipod nano second generation and later ipod touch archos gmini xs202s cowon s9 supports gapless playback without software dependency since 2.31 b firmware .
the animated icon scaled to 300 % the spinning pinwheel is a pointer in apple 's mac os x that indicates an application is not responding to system events .
for example , local area network ( lans ) that connect microsoft windows and linux based personal computer with apple macintosh computers are heterogeneous .
it has 360 acres of its own orchard in somerset , as well as using apple from other growers in the area .
fruits exhibiting this type of dispersal include apple , coconut and passionfruit and those with harder shells ( which often roll away from the plant to gain more distance ) .
the high school ceased use of the sony vaio laptops given to students and teachers during the years 05-07 in order to integrate 1.6 ghz macbooks from apple .
series overview notes : miniseries ( 2003 ) television series season 1 ( 2004 -- 05 ) season 2 ( 2005 -- 06 ) season 3 ( 2006 -- 07 ) razor ( 2007 ) season 4 ( 2008 -- 09 ) the plan ( 2010 ) webisodes ( 2006 -- 09 ) broadcast ratings online availability in january 2006 , apple began offering the miniseries , season 1 and season 2 episodes for purchase on the u.s. version of its itunes store .
studio online store , and for digital download through both the wb studio online store and the apple itunes store .
more recent versions of xdarwin can also run in rootless mode , which is to say that it integrates with the native window manager instead of requiring such a program specifically for x. before the introduction of apple 's x11.app , xdarwin was the only x11 server available for os x. according to the xonx project , x11 .
apple , pear , strawberries , oranges , banana , grapes , canary melon , water melon , cantaloupe , pineapple and mango .
fruits include apple , grape , mango , banana and papaya , avocado , oranges , peach and apricot .
apple or raw egg are sometimes used in place of balls .
he worked for the pioneering video company ampex , where he met ted dabney and several other people that would end up being constants through the atari , inc , apple , cyan engineering and pizza time theater companies .
original ibm post beep codes post ami bios beep codes reference : , version 2.0 , last updated 10 june 2008 post beep codes on comptia a + certification exam these post beep codes are covered specifically on the comptia a+ exam : ibm post diagnostic code descriptions macintosh post apple 's macintosh computers also perform a post after a cold boot .
they also distribute versions of the darwin operating system ( produced by apple ) and the opendarwin operating system which is based on darwin , although the versions they distribute tend to lag behind the current releases .
al-jazira ( the ancient assyria ) grows wheat and crops requiring winter chill such as apple and stone fruits .
fruits such as olives , dates , raisin , apricot , plum , figs , grape , melon , pomegranate , apple , cherries , quince , and citrus fruits ; orange , lemon and lime .
the popularity of the races has waned in recent years and the obihiro racecourse nearly closed before softbank , a japanese mobile phone company known for its tie-up with apple and the iphone , provided funds for the races to continue .
they are known as an agricultural pest , their larva being the common apple worm or maggot .
this mountain has a ski resort , a natural area , and an apple orchard .
gravenstein ( danish : gråsten-æble ) is a variety of apple native to gråsten in south jutland , denmark .
technology technology is integrated throughout the school curriculum ; students grades 5-8 are issued apple laptops to use as educational aids .
plants include apple , apricot , cherry , peach , pear trees , as well as barberry , boxwood , blackberry , hemlocks , germander , lavender , peonies , raspberry , santolina , and yew .
the kutztown 13 in october 2004 , the school distributed apple ibook laptops to all students , as part of the '' one-to-one '' program to facilitate school work .
in february 2014 , apple filed two friend-of-the-court briefs for cases pending in the u.s. supreme court , claiming to be the # 1 target for patent trolls , having faced nearly 100 lawsuits in the preceding three years .
the osx86 project logo osx86 ( from mac os x and x86 ) is a collaborative hacking project to run the mac&nbsp;os&nbsp;x computer operating system on non - apple personal computers with x86 architecture and x86-64 compatible processors .
homologous proteins are found in birch pollen and apple , suggesting that people may develop cross-reactivity to all three species .
it was listed as one of the best apps of 2012 by apple ; and was awarded top app by opera in 2012 in the card games category .
it is now used by companies including apple and bittorrent and accounts for between 13 % and 20 % of all internet traffic .
she is most known for being the female american voice of apple 's siri since the service was introduced on the iphone 4s on october 4 , 2011 .
since then , appetizer mobile has developed mobile applications that have been featured in national advertising campaigns by apple , and has been named one of the top 10 mobile app developer in the united states ( ) .
vsd viewer is a line of microsoft visio viewers for apple os x and ios operating systems .
apple later also utilized this technology in their powerbook , ibook , macbook pro , and macbook line , known as the sudden motion sensor .
both apple and dell were under sec investigation .
the building has an apple ( wireless ) and two pc ( ibm compatible ) labs .
a sequel titled konductra : graveyard shift was released for download on the apple ios on july 18 , 2013 .
they are one of the main licensed manufacturers of the more color-accurate ips panels used by dell , nec , asus , apple ( including imac , ipad , iphone , ipod touch ) and others , which were developed by hitachi .
founded in delhi in 1999 by chinmoy panda ( bits pilani , iim-a alumnus ) , who is also the current ceo , mindfire solutions is an iso 9001 : 2000 certified company and a microsoft gold certified partner as well as an apple premier partner .
the images were believed to have been obtained via a breach of apple 's cloud services suite icloud .
the app has received press coverage throughout 2013 and 2014 and is available on the apple and google app stores .
macintosh computers stokes had purchased 192 new-in-the-box macintosh computer since the brand 's inception , along with various peripherals and other apple errata .
as jobs would later comment , '' if it had n't been for the blue boxes , there would n't have been an apple '' .
goatup 2 is an arcade platform game for ios devices developed by jeff minter and ivan zorzin of llamasoft and published via the apple app store .
it is currently compatible with apple ios devices running ios 7.1 or higher .
nash previously served as an executive in residence at greylock partners , vice president of product management at linkedin , director at ebay and held strategic and technical roles at atlas venture , preview systems and apple .
the surface of the town is uneven , but with good land that yielded hay , grain and apple .
he held down a number of jobs after high school , including a stint in the navy , in construction and as a bicycle messenger in washington , d.c . he returned to illustration when he first worked with an apple computer in 1990 while attending northern virginia community college .
versions of the game were produced for both the windows pc and apple macintosh operating systems .
tesler has worked at xerox parc , apple , amazon , and yahoo! .
to further optimise network traffic loads , aarnet operates high capacity peering links with various major content providers including the australian abc , apple , microsoft and amazon .
domo 's favorite food is nikujaga , a japanese meat and potato stew , and he has a strong dislike for apple , because of an unexplained mystery in his dna .
nike & ipod apple and nike , inc . offer the nike+ipod sports kit , which uses a shoe sensor that communicates with an iphone ( 3gs or higher ) , ipod touch ( 2nd generation or higher ) , ipod nano ( 4th generation or higher ) , or dedicated adapter to transmit workout information such as elapsed time , distance traveled , and calories burned .
songs from this album have been used in television adverts and computer games ; '' remind me '' was formally featured in an advertisement for geico insurance in one of their popular caveman ads , while '' eple '' was licensed by apple and used as the introduction music for the mac os x v10.3 setup assistant .
webkit also forms the basis for the experimental browser included with the amazon kindle e-book reader , as well as the default browser in the apple ios , blackberry browser in os 6 and above , and tizen mobile operating systems .
major customers include apple , hewlett-packard , motorola , ibm , dell , asus , lenovo , linksys , logitech , nintendo , nokia siemens networks , nortel ( avaya ) , tivo , tenda , and cisco systems .
autumn fruits includes apple , cranberries , grape , figs , pear , and pomegranate .
apple blight around 1900 diminished the crop and pear began to be a major crop .
some of the main crops are apple , beer hops and kiwifruit .
pelion is also renowned for its orchard fruit , with pride of place going to the firíki , an originally egyptian apple varietal of very small , oval-shaped , intensely fragrant , crisp and slightly tart apples that withstand long storage without refrigeration .
they were heralded by apple to be the first personal supercomputers , reaching speeds of 4 to 20 gigaflops .
tad worked at apple from 1987 to 1990 , his last job before he took up full-time writing .
flavors available in australia include cherry , cola , peach , strawberry , lime , pineapple , apple , orange , grape and watermelon .
flavors available in norway include orange , apple , strawberry , cola and licorice .
the centre-du-québec is a primarily agricultural region known as the breadbasket of quebec ; major products include livestock and poultry , dairy products , as well as food crops such as cereal , vegetable , and fruit such as apple and cranberries .
at the casino , special decks of playing cards are used where the '' heart '' suit is replaced by apple .
varieties frozen blintzes being fried in a pan some ways blintzes/blini are prepared and served include : the batter may contain various additions , such as grated potato or apple and raisins .
he is also an enthusiastic proponent of apple computers , which he has used extensively since the mid-1980s .
fruit allergies exist , such as to citrus fruit : apple , peach , pear , jackfruit , strawberries , etc. .
similarly , the term varietal can be used to describe cider made from a single variety of apple , tea made from a single variety and preparation , or to describe particular subspecies of coffee .
it is very famous for production of high quality of apple , and pinus gerardiana also known as chilghoza .
categories the illinois state fair , operated by the illinois department of agriculture , recognizes ten distinct categories of illinois wine : dessert wine fruit wine generic blended wine hybrid red hybrid white native american red native american white sparkling wine vinifera red vinifera white in addition to grape-based wine , several wineries in the illinois ozarks ( part of the ozarks ) and other regions of illinois make fruit wine from apple , peach , and berries .
spectre was a computer game for the apple macintosh , developed in 1990 by peninsula gameworks and published in 1991 by velocity development .
it has created soft drinks such as '' manzana postobón '' , an apple - flavored soda , and its most popular '' colombiana '' , a '' cola champagne .
the mac gamer : in a parody of the get a mac ad campaign , the x-play writers came up with a fictitious video game console called the apple ibox .
école de l'anse au sable provides apple macbook for grades 4 and up .
marketing in december 2007 , the official website was launched as well as numerous websites running competitions to promote the film with the first prize being an apple iphone .
the isla grande holds the towns of luis beltrán , lamarque and pomona , as well as the most fertile area of the department , with cultivations of tomato , apple and pear among the most important .
he has written many cover stories on leading technology companies , including apple , google , facebook , twitter , yahoo and amazon .
the version of the album available from apple 's itunes store includes two bonus tracks , a live version of '' i 'd do anything for love '' , recorded at a concert in australia , and '' heads will roll '' , sung by marion raven from her ep of the same name .
in 2012 , he was featured in an apple commercial .
occurrence almond , apricot , apple and cherry kernels , contain significant amounts of amygdalin .
the openbsd project maintains ports for 20 different hardware platforms , including the dec alpha , intel i386 , hewlett-packard pa-risc , x86-64 and motorola 68000 processors , apple 's powerpc machines , sun sparc and sparc64 - based computers , the vax and the sharp zaurus .
starbucks coffee in xi'an , china many of the world 's biggest computer companies are also u.s. based , such as microsoft , apple , intel , dell and ibm , and much of the software bought worldwide is created by u.s. based companies .
however , the murderdrome project is surrounded by controversy as ` murderdrome ' has been rejected by apple on the grounds of ` objectionable content ' .
the larvae feed on various decideous trees , such as birch , corylus avellana and apple .
in 2010 computer history museum began with the preservation of source code of important software , beginning with apple 's macpaint 1.3 .
they are mainly local food , known as ntopia ( ντόπια ) in greek , such as fresh fruit ( including , depending on the season , orange , apple , watermelon , melon , strawberries , and others ) , vegetable ( like cucumber , tomato , onion , potato , broccoli , carrot , and others ) , leaf vegetable ( e.g. lettuce or antrakla ) , chicken egg from suburban farms , and fish ( for example sardine , european seabass , red mullet ) recently caught from nearby seas ( often caught the same day sold ) .
clivia is a german apple cultivar .
geheimrat dr. oldenburg is a german apple cultivar .
oats ( gluten-free ) spinach wheatgrass rice protein almond coconut flour hazelnut walnut lucuma apple maca stinging nettle rice bran flour mineral salt chlorella nutritional yeast brazil nut wild bilberry blackcurrant wild sea-buckthorn spirulina nutrition one package of ambronite contains about 500 calories and 30 grams of protein , as well as vitamins a , d , e , k , c , b1 , b2 , b3 , b6 , b9 , b12 , b7 , b5 , plus all 14 essential minerals .
shops and restaurants the galleria at roseville houses a mixture of high-end tenants like louis vuitton , burberry , tiffany & co . , omega , juicy couture , hugo boss , and guess? as well as mid-tier tenants like apple , disney store , lolli and pops , lush cosmetics , lucky brand jeans , aeropostale , hot topic , oakley , gilly hicks , zumiez , and banana republic .
he has , over decades , served on the boards of many other technology companies including apple , atari , c-cube , cisco systems , electronic arts , linear technology , lsi logic , microchip technology , netapp , oracle , pmc-sierra .
nurseries offer for sale trees with grafted stems that can produce four or more varieties of related fruits , including apple .
this list featured the likes of steve jobs of apple .
in north america , hardwoods such as hickory , mesquite and maple are commonly used for smoking , as are the wood from fruit trees such as apple , cherry , and plum , and even corncob .
in addition to grapes , the yakima valley is also home to several fruit orchards growing apple , cherries , nectarine , peach , pear and plum .
the fruits that can be found includes ( from least valuable to most valuable ) satsuma , apple , grape , cherries , and peach .
gengage employs full-time staff in local communities , who , thanks to strategic corporate partnerships with apple and google , connect generationengage members in schools , churches , pool halls , and community centers around the country via videoconference for interactive conversations with prominent national and international civic leaders on critical social issues .
shop-in-shop verkkokauppa.com has shop-in-shops or concept stores for sony , microsoft , ea , tomtom , nokia , belkin , western digital , acer , intel , apple , canon , gardena , hp , lg , logitech and samsung .
a typical recipe for mancha manteles contains turkey , chorizo , pork , pineapple , apple , banana , chili pepper , almonds , cinnamon , lard , and tomato .
it was released in europe and on a limited basis in north america for the microsoft windows and apple macintosh platforms .
mobile with tumblr 's 2009 acquisition of tumblerette , an apple app store application created by jeff rock and garrett ross , the service launched its official iphone app .
the caterpillars feed on oak , apple and pear .
the larvae feed on various trees and shrubs including rose and apple .
the can also be found on various fruit trees ( apple , pear , etc. ) and on some herbaceous plants .
its first single , called '' we are young '' featuring janelle monáe , has since been used in several other media including television series gossip girl , 90210 , glee , and chuck ; commercials for chevrolet and apple , and in the trailer for judd apatow 's film this is 40 .
the january 2007 unveiling of the iphone , apple 's first smartphone , caught rubin off-guard and led to a change in course for the project .
huramzai is replete with many gardens of different fruits including grape , apple , apricot , pomegranate , watermelon , and a variety of vegetable .
the larvae feed on various shrubs , deciduous trees and herbaceous plants , including common lilac , apple , rose and prunus spinosa .
this content only works on apple mac os 9 and earlier .
from left to right : headphone , usb and micro-dvi ports on a macbook air the micro-dvi port is a video connection port used by original 2008 apple macbook air laptop computer .
she rose to fame in 2008 in the us after her hit single '' new soul '' was used by apple in an advertising campaign for its macbook air .
the main economic activities range from agriculture and food production , specially apple for exportation .
these two types of confection are mainly sold together in a single box ; they are produced from a recipe for locoum using local apple and apricot .
walid mhadeb el khatroushi ( ) ( born november 6 , 1985 in libya ) , known as tofaha ( apple in english ) , is a libya football midfielder .
according to entertainment weekly magazine , the song 's beat can be recreated through a drum loop from the apple music-software program garageband ( vintage funk kit 03 ) .
she and switch relied heavily on logic pro , a digital audio workstation produced by apple , and were able to capture vocals and background sounds outside the traditional studio environment , using a microphone and a macbook pro . the album features guest vocals from afrikan boy , the wilcannia mob , and timbaland , and further collaborations with switch , blaqstarr , morganics and diplo .
since 2004 , israel has exported apple to syria through the crossing .
the fair is held to celebrate the apple harvest from the nearby brushy mountains .
the valley produces fruits including avocado , passionfruit , apple , mango , pacae , banana , guayaba , pepino , grapes and other crops , including corn , cotton , asparagus , chili and several kinds of bean .
agriculture is efficient and productive with large areas covered with orchards ( apple and pear ) and vegetables .
tree types include deciduous species such as pin oak , white oak , red oak , sugar maple , aspen , ash , birch , cherry , apple , sassafras , american hornbeam , ironwood , and walnut trees .
agriculture in the valley includes growing apple trees of good quality , and few other fruits .
it is found on fruit , vegetable , and other food crops , including pineapple , sugar-apple , coconut , muskmelon , yam , figs , strawberry , sweet potato , mango , banana , avocado , date palm , common guava , pomegranate , common pear , apple , eggplant , cacao tree , and soybean .
in february 2011 , sacom released the report jointly with ''' , '' '' and '' '' , which investigated the supplier factories of apple , microsoft , motorola , phillips and sony .
imore is a website founded in 2007 by dieter bohn and mike overbo that specializes in news and other information related to apple .
fueled following the launch of the apple app store in 2009 , chawla founded fueled , a mobile application development company based in new york city and london .
it is most famous for starring ellen feiss , who became an internet phenomenon after appearing in an apple commercial at age 14 .
hoteltonight is a free app for apple and android devices which offers curated daily hotel deals in more than 100 cities across north america and europe .
trees in contrast with farmville , there are only four different trees available in the game : apple tree , cherry tree , orange tree and banana tree ( note that botanically banana is a plant ) .
the video for the first single , days , shot in sequence using only apple devices , received praise from jonathan ive himself .
plot peter and joe help quagmire pick out a new apple computer at the mall .
the main business in the village is horticulture , especially apple orchards .
free studio includes several applications for apple phones , ipod and other devices .
'' popmatters ' eric brown , on the other hand , gave the album a more mixed review , writing '' beirut too often moves away from its world-folk origins into a more generic sound , one that has more in common with an apple commercial than their breakthrough album .
genarts creates visual effects software and plugins that integrate visual effects such as glows , lightning , fire and fluids into post-production video editing software from companies like apple , adobe , autodesk and the foundry .
the ultimate aim of this project supported by apple is to remove the need for physical books within the academy thus making long term savings and providing students with a virtually limitless amount of renewable information .
android , the flagship software of the alliance , is based on an open source license and has competed against mobile platforms from apple , microsoft , nokia ( symbian ) , hp ( formerly palm ) , samsung electronics / intel ( tizen , bada ) , and blackberry .
if the campaign is successful , the plan is to release the game free of charge on a range of platforms including on apple and android devices .
amazon later released a version for the apple macintosh , in early 2010 .
it is the main programming language used by apple for the os x and ios operating systems , and their respective application programming interface ( apis ) , cocoa and cocoa touch .
maharana sajjan singh shoots at an apple .
apple products were brought in , giving teachers a macbook pro laptop and an ipad 2 .
apple 's xnu kernel based os x gained support as of os x mavericks .
the china app store was affected by connection-level censorship until an unknown point in time when apple enabled a https - by-default configuration .
bryobia vasiljevi occurs on a variety of crops , including apple , asparagus , and wheat , in australia , new zealand , and elsewhere .
it is a sheet cake made of yeast dough topped with apple , quark ( curd ) and poppy seed and parts of it are covered with a glaze made of cream , whole egg , sugar and flour for thickening .
the documents identified several technology companies as participants in the prism program , including microsoft in 2007 , yahoo! in 2008 , google in 2009 , facebook in 2009 , paltalk in 2009 , youtube in 2010 , aol in 2011 , skype in 2011 and apple in 2012 .
appcelerator 's co-founder and ceo jeff haynie , giving a talk at a february 2013 conference in valencia , spain in april 2010 , during the apple–flash controversy , apple banned applications that used any '' intermediary translation or compatibility layer or tool '' from its app store , raising concerns about the status of ios apps built with titanium .
some widely used palate cleansers are sorbet , bread , apple slices , and pickles .
release the initial ios version of the game includes a single player mode vs ai in the two different game modes , while on early 2011 a version supporting multiplayer onlin gaming thanks to apple gamecenter is coming .
carl sassenrath , architect of operating systems and computer languages , created the amiga computer operating system in 1985 , later worked at apple , moved to and runs his own company at his ukiah ranch .
pesticides a sign outside of an organic apple orchard in pateros , washington reminding orchardists not to spray pesticides on these trees .
