A dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
One of the worst movies of the year .
A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
A work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
Too often , the viewer is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .
` Anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
A beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in Korea .
Unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
Dramas like this make it human .
Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
For movie lovers as well as opera lovers , Tosca is a real treat .
Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
A generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .
The plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .
Brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .
Any one episode of The Sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes .
A warm , funny , engaging film .
It 's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
Big Fat Liar is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
Meandering , sub-aquatic mess : It 's so bad it 's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie .
Ford deserves to be remembered at Oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .
Paid In Full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface .
Unfortunately , it 's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
People cinema at its finest .
A thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy .
The movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
A loving little film of considerable appeal .
A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro .
So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .
Greg Kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
A fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
One of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
Those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
Rollerball IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
It 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
Anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
Simply put , `` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
An impressive debut for first-time writer-director Mark Romanek , especially considering his background is in music video .
The writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
... pitiful , slapdash disaster .
Like Shrek , Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
Mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the Yiddish stage .
The way Coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining .
Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in Venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
Oedekerk wrote Patch Adams , for which he should not be forgiven .
If you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this Oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
Tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
Too bad none of it is funny .
From a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
It 's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it 's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .
But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .
Smart and taut .
A new film from Bill Plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .
Like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .
Stealing Harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
For the most part , it 's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .
The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia .
Even on its own ludicrous terms , The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
Fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
I admired this work a lot .
It 's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
It took 19 predecessors to get THIS ?
The film 's performances are thrilling .
Part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
As commander-in-chief of this film , Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
Despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there 's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .
It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... Grant and Bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
It turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House .
Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
Like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in The Twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten .
Had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago .
At its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
A less-than-thrilling thriller .
Daring and beautifully made .
Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
Sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
A funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a British cast to rival Gosford Park 's .
We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
The universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran . '
If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .
Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .
A gripping drama .
Waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .
A small gem from Belgium .
Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
A deep and meaningful film .
Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
Contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
It 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .
Cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing .
The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
Nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
These are lives worth watching , paths worth following .
A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
A historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .
Lovingly photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life , Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
Bread , My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
... a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of Legally Blonde and Drop Dead Gorgeous , starring Piper Perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .
A riveting documentary .
There 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .
A very charming and funny movie .
For devotees of French cinema , Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
No screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of Clones ' last 45 minutes .
No amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .
There is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
Pacino and Williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .
An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .
The characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .
If you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still like it now .
A decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
All of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .
It 's uninteresting .
Its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : Since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ?
Characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
`` The best Disney movie since the Lion King ''
Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
Not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .
What soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .
One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .
Puts to rest any thought that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
An epic of grandeur and scale that 's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of Hollywood .
In XXX , Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
Standing in the Shadows of Motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
This cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends .
The story may not be new , but Australian director John Polson , making his American feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .
Jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .
Soderbergh , like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
He makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
National Lampoon 's Van Wilder could be the worst thing to come out of National Lampoon since Class Reunion
A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
It confirms Fincher 's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight .
It is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
It can not be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull .
Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .
One of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...
Do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor .
Bad and baffling from the get-go .
Highly engaging .
An effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
Brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
Why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me .
The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .
After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
A wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
Thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings .
Still rapturous after all these years , Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
Nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .
Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power .
This is one of Polanski 's best films .
As gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .
The overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
Greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
Nearly every attempt at humor here is DOA .
One of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the French film industry in years .
Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .
When you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .
Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
Crummy .
On its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
The delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two .
A marvel of production design .
As it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan could want .
An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
Like Brosnan 's performance , Evelyn comes from the heart .
Highly watchable stuff .
Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .
Feels more like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
The humor is n't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original .
Rather , you 'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .
Below is well below expectations .
... hypnotically dull .
Children may not understand everything that happens -- I 'm not sure even Miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .
Schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '
`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
Spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
Apallingly absurd ... the chemistry or lack thereof between Newton and Wahlberg could turn an Imax theater into a 9 '' black and white portable TV .
The film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
Sweetly sexy , funny and touching .
A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
But the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
Better effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh .
For anyone who grew up on Disney 's 1950 Treasure Island , or remembers the 1934 Victor Fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor .
It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
We have n't seen such hilarity since Say It Is n't So !
Gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !
Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
A slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
Douglas McGrath 's Nicholas Nickleby does Dickens as it should be done cinematically .
Her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
A cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
What a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
... a roller-coaster ride of a movie
The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
The only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill Hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound .
So unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .
Directed with purpose and finesse by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .
There is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .
It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .
Lacking gravitas , MacDowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel .
Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
Go see it and enjoy .
Not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream American audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .
A movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats .
Admirers of director Abel Ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
With Dirty Deeds , David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
A wildly entertaining scan of Evans ' career .
The increasingly diverse French director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
With a cast of A-list Brit actors , it is worth searching out .
Rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next .
A sour , nasty offering .
Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` Scratch '' a second look .
... a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .
Chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .
It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
That Storytelling has value can not be denied .
Extremely boring .
The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone 's flawed but staggering Once Upon a Time in America .
It 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
The performances take the movie to a higher level .
The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
Huppert gives Erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack .
It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
The stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002 's first quarter .
Genuinely touching because it 's realistic about all kinds of love .
The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
If you love Motown music , you 'll love this documentary .
Looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .
It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
A truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort .
A classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .
Moving and vibrant .
When a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that 's a bad sign .
One of the best of the year .
Consistently clever and suspenseful .
A triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !
Everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing .
The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
Good movie .
Definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .
`` The Time Machine '' is a movie that has no interest in itself .
Amazingly lame .
A story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
In the new release of Cinema Paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
A powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
One of the greatest films I 've ever seen .
Idiotic and ugly .
Just like a splendid meal , Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
Opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist 's death bed and does n't get much livelier in the three hours in between .
Has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .
Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
Automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .
Measured against practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor The Silence of the Lambs , Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
The Iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .
As an actress , Madonna is one helluva singer .
Parker holds true to Wilde 's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness .
... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set .
This franchise has not spawned a single good film .
Promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .
Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD .
E.T. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays .
It 's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .
The terrific and bewilderingly underrated Campbell Scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .
The stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for Euro-film pretension .
It all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .
I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .
It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
This is n't a `` Friday '' worth waiting for .
Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
In a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .
A frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women .
An exhilarating experience .
An enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable Italian comedy Big Deal on Madonna Street .
This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .
I walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .
Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
A profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
Stealing Harvard is evidence that the Farrelly Bros. -- Peter and Bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with Green 's half-hearted movie career .
This is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .
On the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .
If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .
If the first Men in Black was money , the second is small change .
The film 's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style .
At just over an hour , Home Movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
The lively appeal of The Last Kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
Atom Egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
This is one of the year 's best films .
What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
It feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .
The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .
It 's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !
An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .
The project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting .
How inept is Serving Sara ?
Gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
A stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history .
Methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , Secret Ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
This is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
Sweet and memorable film .
An intoxicating experience .
Even better than the first one !
An uplifting , near-masterpiece .
A captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .
The makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep .
Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
Its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .
A comic gem with some serious sparkles .
A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
Apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .
Showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
... with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
The film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .
An eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
The moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess 's home video of their baby 's birth .
Without resorting to hyperbole , I can state that Kissing Jessica Stein may be the best same-sex romance I have seen .
This is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
Maggie Smith as the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
Constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
It 's also , clearly , great fun .
Most impressive , though , is the film 's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters ' emotional wounds .
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
Writhing under dialogue like ` You 're from two different worlds ' and ` Tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .
Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
What makes How I Killed My Father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
Let 's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : Stay home .
Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .
Ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .
The case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
Slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .
The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
... mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern Beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return .
The worst film of the year .
This often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
This is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
This Chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
The fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .
Stephen Rea , Aidan Quinn , and Alan Bates play Desmond 's legal eagles , and when joined by Brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty Irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , ` tis .
Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
Irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
Instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
Nothing in Waking Up in Reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .
Very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
Sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
Ryan Gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
Tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher .
The solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
She may not be real , but the laughs are .
Dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .
The acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from Gilligan 's Island -- and the CGI Scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year .
After several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .
A thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .
A sexy , surprising romance ... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
Stay clear of reminding yourself that it 's a `` true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies .
This limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982 's Tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh .
Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , Sorority Boys is a bowser .
... pays tribute to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
Thumbs up to Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
Challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative .
Gay or straight , Kissing Jessica Stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
A bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .
A delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .
What 's missing in Murder by Numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .
As satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
A taut , intelligent psychological drama .
A straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .
One of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
Instead of hiding Pinocchio from critics , Miramax should have hidden it from everyone .
Feature debuter D.J. Caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter Tony Gayton 's narcotics noir to life .
Thumbs down .
Cinematic poo .
Spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
Because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin .
Thurman and Lewis are hilarious throughout .
Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
Exciting and well-paced .
Australian filmmaker David Flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
A feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
An engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
It 's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie 's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-Soviet Russia .
Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond .
it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
A depressing confirmation of everything those of us who do n't object to the description `` unelected '' have suspected all along : George W. Bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .
It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
Woody Allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
A so-so , made-for-TV something posing as a real movie .
The performances are immaculate , with Roussillon providing comic relief .
De Oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by Michel Piccoli .
This stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
It 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
There 's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
Despite bearing the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .
Beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
Mr. Caine and Mr. Fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
Few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .
More romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .
Hands down the year 's most thought-provoking film .
Light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
The comic performances are all spot on , especially Lee Ross 's turn as Ken .
Blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .
The movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .
Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
Woody Allen has really found his groove these days .
It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .
The inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth .
Suffocated at conception by its Munchausen-by-proxy mum .
A breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters .
Professionally speaking , it 's tempting to jump ship in January to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .
Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
A wry , affectionate delight .
Secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .
A full-frontal attack on audience patience .
Very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
For the future , one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
The most compelling Wiseman epic of recent years .
A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
A graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined .
Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .
But here 's the real damn : It is n't funny , either .
This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
A delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , Read My Lips is an original .
A damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
Altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .
With or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
A thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .
A sports movie with action that 's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
Master of Disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
You have no affinity for most of the characters .
This gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
One of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
To the civilized mind , a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
It makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
... there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .
... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
A one-trick pony whose few T&A bits still ca n't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable .
A lame comedy .
-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
Reassuring , retro uplifter .
For the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
In his debut as a director , Washington has a sure hand .
And when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem .
The Man From Elysian Fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .
An interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
`` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
Jason Patric and Ray Liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
Murderous Maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .
Michael Gerbosi 's script is economically packed with telling scenes .
A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
The story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .
Charlie Hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero .
The most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .
You 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
Final verdict : You 've seen it all before .
Brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
Banal and predictable .
This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .
At once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
In a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel .
Suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it 's been packaged and sold back to us by Hollywood .
But watching Huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .
A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .
I guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
Tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .
Leigh 's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .
A very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .
Plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
Hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
Must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry .
Visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance .
This is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .
Filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , Baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
This re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .
Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
Good , solid storytelling .
A movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious Charlie Kaufman might object to .
I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !
Though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical Miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .
How about surprising us by trying something new ?
I 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
Return to Never Land is reliable , standard Disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
Disturbing and brilliant documentary .
It 's just merely very bad .
Adam Sandler is to Gary Cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .
That rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
Denis and co-writer Michele Petin 's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing .
But if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than Leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
Get out your pooper-scoopers .
A poignant lyricism runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
The first Tunisian film I have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year .
Rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
One of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .
Both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .
One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie .
This is n't just the CliffsNotes version of Nicholas Nickleby , it 's the CliffsNotes with pages missing .
I loved this film .
If this is the resurrection of the Halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead .
Rare is the ` urban comedy ' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
The movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .
This is simply the most fun you 'll ever have with a documentary !
An endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years .
Not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and Daniel Radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as Harry , but the film conjures the magic of author J.K. Rowling 's books .
One of the best rock documentaries ever .
Delia , Greta , and Paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .
A major waste ... generic .
This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
All the Queen 's Men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .
As surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .
A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather .
Features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .
Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
Diane Lane shines in Unfaithful .
The problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
or maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
Huppert and Girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
To call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
Though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance .
It 's difficult to say whether The Tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing -- I 'm prepared to call it a draw .
For all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .
- spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .
A film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not .
At its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
`` Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
Extremely bad .
... always remains movingly genuine .
This extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long .
The film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .
The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
One of the worst films of 2002 .
Speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
Mr. Koshashvili is a director to watch .
Morton is , as usual , brilliant .
It does n't work as either .
An overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences .
A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
Instead , he shows them the respect they are due .
Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .
It 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
The slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
Shadyac shoots his film like an M. Night Shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail 's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension .
Should have gone straight to video .
Consider it ` perfection . '
It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .
A colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
One of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals ... a psychological masterpiece .
Poignant and moving , A Walk to Remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
Eric Schweig and Graham Greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
Most of the supporting characters in Eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots .
This is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
Do n't even bother to rent this on video .
Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .
another great ` what you do n't see ' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the Bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives .
Biggie and Tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .
The film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
Will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them .
Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .
It 's like watching a nightmare made flesh .
A bad movie that happened to good actors .
A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna .
The enjoyable Undercover Brother , a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
One of the more intelligent children 's movies to hit theaters this year .
Some of Seagal 's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot .
An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
So devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like XXX and Collateral Damage seem like thoughtful treatises
Lauren Ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .
A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films -- Four Weddings and a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary .
Newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , Mark Wahlberg .
The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
A weird and wonderful comedy .
The only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll .
Sexy and romantic .
... in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
The wanton slipperiness of \* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
... watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life .
The WWII drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .
... the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .
A preposterous , prurient whodunit .
It 's that good .
In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
I 'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls
Has all the depth of a wading pool .
If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then Blood Work is for you .
A refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .
The script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
Instead of making his own style , director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
Just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
The acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production 's austere locales .
But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
Abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists .
To imagine the life of Harry Potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized Woody Allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist .
Elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents
A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
On a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
Boring and meandering .
Steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
It 's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic Oliver Parker intends to mangle next time .
John McTiernan 's botched remake may be subtler than Norman Jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga .
While general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
Assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .
What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .
Barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
The overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
Like Rudy Yellow Lodge , Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
But it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .
The film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
It 's hard not to feel you 've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story .
The entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a quirky and poignant Japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality .
This series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last James Bond movie .
Bad Company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script .
The movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel .
The film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson ...
In a summer of clones , Harvard Man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
Madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
Guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
... post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
More of the same old garbage Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
An unclassifiably awful study in self - and audience-abuse .
If the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
`` Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .
It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
A quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .
One of the most exciting action films to come out of China in recent years .
The experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .
In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
My precious new Star Wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
The only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .
A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
Provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of Todd Solondz .
This thing is virtually unwatchable .
But as a movie , it 's a humorless , disjointed mess .
One of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera .
Effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .
Fun and nimble .
A stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films
There are now two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs .
A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation ?
A coda in every sense , The Pinochet Case splits time between a minute-by-minute account of the British court 's extradition chess game and the regime 's talking-head survivors .
Ferrara 's best film in years .
The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge .
The art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack .
It 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
A mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
The affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to Demme 's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled Hollywood post-production effects .
Greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by Schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders .
Ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a Communion wafer without the wine .
Staggeringly dreadful romance .
Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .
Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
Bow 's best moments are when he 's getting busy on the basketball court because that 's when he really scores .
Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
This kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
Not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .
Plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
In its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of Grease , without benefit of song .
Disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .
The pleasure of Read My Lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
-LRB- A -RRB- rare , beautiful film .
A lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
, The Sum of All Fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
An exquisitely crafted and acted tale .
In his debut as a film director , Denzel Washington delivers a lean and engaging work .
... too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .
Among the year 's most intriguing explorations of alientation .
Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... Attal looks so much like a young Robert DeNiro that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle ' .
Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .
Looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in Jane Hamilton 's exemplary costumes , Rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . '
No , it 's the repetition of said behavior , and so Children of the Century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else .
... by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
Features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
All the well-meaningness in the world ca n't erase the fact that The Believer feels like a 12-Step Program for the Jewish Nazi .
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .
As pure over-the-top trash , any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
The sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap .
Offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
What we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .
You could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
If Steven Soderbergh 's ` Solaris ' is a failure it is a glorious failure .
Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury .
Deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
A peculiar misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .
This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .
A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
The trailer is a riot .
More timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
Wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .
Confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
Dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement .
Mr. Tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and What Time Is It There ?
By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
An excellent sequel .
I wish I could say `` Thank God It 's Friday '' , but the truth of the matter is I was glad when it was over .
Romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
Enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
A map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master 's steady stroke .
This is as powerful a set of evidence as you 'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .
A psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .
It 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
His last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it .
A compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .
Does what a fine documentary does best : It extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .
Rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
Could The Country Bears really be as bad as its trailers ?
Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .
Just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and Italy beckons us all .
A must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .
Begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
delightfully rendered
As averse as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .
Nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
As a director , Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
It 's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
A stylish thriller .
This thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
About the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .
Diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
Wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by Silly Putty and Kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test Trekkie loyalty .
A thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses Grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
Not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
Full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .
something the true film buff will enjoy .
More intimate than spectacular , E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
The film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave .
Easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .
A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised .
A rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
The sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense .
... has virtually no script at all ...
A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
Laughably , irredeemably awful .
Add yet another hat to a talented head , Clooney 's a good director .
This is how you use special effects .
An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
A charming , quirky and leisurely paced Scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from Monty Python 's Meaning of Life .
The early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .
Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
A sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that is n't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears .
This is so bad .
Brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
Obstacles are too easily overcome and there is n't much in the way of character development in the script .
The thing just never gets off the ground .
Just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .
The Movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ai n't pretty .
A blessed gift to film geeks and historians .
Bill Morrison 's Decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
An invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
Shallow , noisy and pretentious .
A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .
The documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .
The Sweetest Thing leaves a bitter taste .
The most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .
Awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .
Solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , '' never were .
It 's not horrible , just horribly mediocre .
A comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
Scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
It 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
It 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .
This is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
If this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you ca n't wait to see what happens next .
The problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin ... have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age .
There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
The movie is a dud .
It 's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that does n't feel it has to prove anything .
No big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
Another Best of the Year selection .
I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
The cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .
Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock are two such likeable actors .
This is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it 's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience .
Godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
See Scratch for the history , see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
Steven Spielberg brings us another masterpiece
Very bad .
The history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
` De Niro ... is a veritable source of sincere passion that this Hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
Oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
Delight your senses and crash this wedding !
Cho 's timing is priceless .
Brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day .
Utter mush ... conceited pap .
Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
Maggie G. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
The actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
The most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in About a Boy .
... one of the more influential works of the ` Korean New Wave ' .
I whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .
One of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
Bubba Ho-Tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by Bruce Campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
Director of photography Benoit Delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .
Every bit as bogus as most Disney live action family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point .
The film is all over the place , really .
... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
A fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
Morton deserves an Oscar nomination .
Staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
Big Fat Waste of Time .
Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
It works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .
Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
Generic thriller junk .
In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .
Enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
An enjoyable experience .
Involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters .
Anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .
It 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .
A remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .
Ozpetek offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves .
The disjointed mess flows as naturally as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
Their work is fantastic .
The story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .
Last Orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
It 's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it 's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff .
Chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
As a science fiction movie , `` Minority Report '' astounds .
Her delivery and timing are flawless .
A tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
Move over Bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
Extremely dumb .
Not only does Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again .
Half Past Dead is just such an achievement .
Enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .
It 's obviously struck a responsive chord with many South Koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world .
The world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese .
From the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` Besotted '' is misbegotten
This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
Unfortunately , Heartbreak Hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit .
The performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
It is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .
Forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
A predictable , manipulative stinker .
All the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
Vulgar is too optimistic a title .
A romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .
A witty , low-key romantic comedy .
This is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .
A genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
... Blade II is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
I hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .
A boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk 'n' slash .
` Easily my choice for one of the year 's best films . '
Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
... really horrible drek .
This is what IMAX was made for : Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space .
Nicolas Philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern France in his documentary To Be and to Have , easily one of the best films of the year .
A no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
An exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world .
A didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy .
Showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant `` if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome .
The film 's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency .
... could easily be called the best Korean film of 2002 .
A moving and important film .
A cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
At heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .
Some , like Ballistic , arrive stillborn ... looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future .
A distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
Hailed as a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately Chabrolian .
It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
... the movie is just a plain old monster .
Bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
Lazy , miserable and smug .
Goofy , nutty , consistently funny .
I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and I recommend it for its originality alone .
No Such Thing is sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast , but in this case the Beast should definitely get top billing .
A richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind .
The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .
... very funny , very enjoyable ...
The words , ` Frankly , my dear , I do n't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .
One of the worst movies of the year .
Gangs of New York is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .
Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
While maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .
It 's a very valuable film ...
You 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .
With ` Bowling for Columbine , ' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
Shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .
It 's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .
The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
Remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .
For a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over , No Such Thing is a big letdown .
If you 're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then Mostly Martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .
Often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but Seldahl and Wollter 's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .
A pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
It 's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of Anna Chancellor that makes this `` Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun .
Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results .
It 's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the Marks family .
It 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
Goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
... wise and elegiac ...
under-rehearsed and lifeless
Watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
A psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor Bill Paxton 's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural Americana .
Great character interaction .
Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
Not even the Hanson Brothers can save it
Kirshner and Monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton .
Young Hanks and Fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .
Where 's the movie here ?
Ecks this one off your must-see list .
It makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly .
So vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt .
Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix .
The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
A poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
This is just lazy writing .
The people in Dogtown and Z-Boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next .
Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film
Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .
This is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults .
The production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
An enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
Kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
Jose Campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .
Instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
This is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .
A remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
The year 's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .
A must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
The mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
What you get with Empire is a movie you 've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a Latino in the lead .
Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
A comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .
All three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
I was amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
Mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
Visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .
Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .
It 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film , I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .
The movie is a trove of delights .
The film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
Will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .
The ingenuity that Parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of Wilde himself .
More than anything else , Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .
... Blade II is more enjoyable than the original .
A movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly as possible
Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .
... irritating soul-searching garbage .
Writer\/director David Caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
Intelligent and moving .
Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
This one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
The entire cast is extraordinarily good .
Matthew Lillard is born to play Shaggy !
Unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .
Most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
It 's just incredibly dull .
If you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .
Makes S&M seem very romantic , and Maggie Gyllenhaal is a delight .
It 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .
A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian English title would have you believe .
Consummate actor Barry has done excellent work here .
Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
You 'll cry for your money back .
I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care .
It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
... as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the Star Wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .
The movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music .
This is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
Read My Lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
Darkly funny and frequently insightful .
Griffin & Co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
Not to mention absolutely refreshed .
Binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
A very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction .
It 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
Rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
Fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water .
A fanciful drama about Napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
There 's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
Alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
The quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by Rachel Griffiths .
Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .
Renner 's performance as Dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .
A dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours ... a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle .
This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
Well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .
It 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
A funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .
Beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
Blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .
A movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls .
A triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
The action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .
Undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters .
In addition to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative .
If there 's a heaven for bad movies , Deuces Wild is on its way .
deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
As with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure .
A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
Kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
`` Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
Deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .
The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
Mr. Deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
All in all , Brown Sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
Just like Hearst 's enormous yacht , it 's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination .
Given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing Soderbergh has ever done .
Dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
You can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
... with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , I realized this is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time .
Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
A dreadful live-action movie .
Just dreadful .
This overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation .
A very funny movie .
Philip K. Dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .
A strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
Adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
I got a headache watching this meaningless downer .
Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
This is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
Tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .
Boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
I hated every minute of it .
My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .
It 's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown Chelsea Hotel ...
It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .
For me , this opera is n't a favorite , so it 's a long time before the fat lady sings .
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
Kinnear gives a tremendous performance .
Even die-hard fans of Japanese animation ... will find this one a challenge .
Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .
Michael Moore 's latest documentary about America 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
An odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .
Leaping from one arresting image to another , Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
My Wife is an Actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .
The entire cast is first-rate , especially Sorvino .
Invincible is a wonderful movie .
The year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but Take Care of My Cat emerges as the very best of them .
Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
A solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
A triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
Will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
It may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . ''
A lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .
Amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
The film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .
The film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
In addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- Lilo & Stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
As quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr. Lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
It 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
There are moments in this account of the life of artist Frida Kahlo that are among cinema 's finest this year .
A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
Excellent performances from Jacqueline Bisset and Martha Plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
`` Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
MY LITTLE EYE is the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years .
Spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama .
What should have been a cutting Hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety .
At times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
It 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
This is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer .
So boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
The movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
The film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as Cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .
No reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously did n't invest much into itself either .
This miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing Flatbush machismo will get it through .
No film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
Intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
Thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .
A smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .
How on earth , or anywhere else , did director Ron Underwood manage to blow $ 100 million on this ?
Boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
The cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama .
It 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
A stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
It 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison .
Remarkably accessible and affecting .
The acting in Pauline And Paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .
A rarity among recent Iranian films : It 's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight .
As giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
As an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting .
This overproduced and generally disappointing effort is n't likely to rouse the Rush Hour crowd .
My own minority report is that it stinks .
This is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .
The overall effect is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes .
A limp Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
An enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St. Petersburg 's Hermitage Museum .
Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory .
About Schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
... just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise .
I like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
It 's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic .
Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen .
Swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .
Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
One of the smartest takes on singles culture I 've seen in a long time .
The most ingenious film comedy since Being John Malkovich .
Superbly photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
The movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
De Niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to Clint Eastwood in the lazy Bloodwork .
Not since Japanese filmmaker Akira Kurosawa 's Ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .
Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
While Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit major would have thought possible .
You can sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions ; I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
This strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .
The most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism .
Just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story .
Despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer .
All the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable .
What elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
If you love the music , and I do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
It 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , AND satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but Minority Report delivers all that and a whole lot more .
I hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
You may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
Only an epic documentary could get it all down , and Spike Lee 's Jim Brown : All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
Dramatically lackluster .
A classy , sprightly spin on film .
So beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
A lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s European-set spy pictures .
A stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .
Both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
This is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
Kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
Taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .
Cho 's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .
It feels like a community theater production of a great Broadway play : Even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original .
Long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
Barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
The only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .
Leave it to the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
A misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment .
The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
Mike Leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
Koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
The film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .
A simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
Holm ... embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .
It 's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .
` Punch-Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
Top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
It 's always enthralling .
Coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
A giggle a minute .
It 's painful .
... unbearably lame .
More than their unique residences , Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
The French director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
You really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this .
It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
It 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
Drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
With little visible talent and no energy , Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
I do n't think I laughed out loud once .
It 's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge .
About as enjoyable , I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .
A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .
Visits spy-movie territory like a novel you ca n't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .
... turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .
This long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
Imagine a really bad community theater production of West Side Story without the songs .
The kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .
It 's never a good sign when a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma .
Gangster No. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
It 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
The artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from Japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
Amazing !
Griffiths proves she 's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .
Surprisingly powerful and universal .
It aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
For anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man 's response to stroke , Ram Dass : Fierce Grace is worth seeking out .
An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
It is intensely personal and yet -- unlike Quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times .
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
Montias ... pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .
A film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
Black-and-white and unrealistic .
It turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .
It 's still terrible !
What is 100 % missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting .
Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .
It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
The film seems a dead weight .
A serious movie with serious ideas .
It 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !
Partway through watching this saccharine , Easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected TV show .
It 's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .
Denzel Washington 's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .
Impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter ' was .
It could change America , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .
The film is powerful , accessible and funny .
It 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
It does n't help that the director and cinematographer Stephen Kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel .
A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
well worth the time .
An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
Although What Time offers Tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
Like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , John Q. is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
De Niro looks bored , Murphy recycles Murphy , and you mentally add Showtime to the pile of Hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal .
Ms. Seigner and Mr. Serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
What makes this film special is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
One of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
One sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
A real clunker .
A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
Dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , The Piano Teacher is a film that defies categorisation .
It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .
The film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
New Best Friend should n't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a Mystery Science Theater 3000 video .
A tremendous piece of work .
Two hours fly by -- opera 's a pleasure when you do n't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated .
Wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
As a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
Why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
Finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original .
The cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .
There is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false .
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? ''
For all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .
Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .
An intelligent , moving and invigorating film .
The misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
An entertaining British hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
Too loud , too long and too frantic by half , Die Another Day suggests that the Bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over , tunnel under or barrel through .
Slap me , I saw this movie .
The backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense .
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .
Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
Maid in Manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
Extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
A movie of riveting power and sadness .
Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
It 's a pleasure to see Seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies Chris Rock , Garry Shandling and Colin Quinn .
Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
Though few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works , Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
Sluggish , tonally uneven .
A science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left .
Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
A refreshing Korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .
But mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .
Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
Do n't waste your money .
This is the best Star Trek movie in a long time .
There 's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances .
Disgusting .
Polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style .
Guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
Much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .
Arguably the best script that Besson has written in years .
The script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention
A passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
It 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : It actually improves upon the original hit movie .
Kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .
What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
This is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , Bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
The fact that The Rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays .
It 's as if you 're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker .
Turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
The level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter .
With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
Aggravating and tedious .
It 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
But the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .
I 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .
A breathtaking adventure for all ages , Spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
A DOA dud from frame one .
This is a very fine movie -- go see it .
It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
The performances are remarkable .
That the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
As written by Michael Berg and Michael J. Wilson from a story by Wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .
An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
Takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .
The film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
The wonder of Mostly Martha is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing .
A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
If you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
You 'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
Isabelle Huppert excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .
Rain is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .
See it .
It 's never dull and always looks good .
Almost gags on its own gore .
Will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
Everything was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had .
One of the most original American productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .
A densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among Jean-Luc Godard 's finest work .
I like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
... a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations .
Bluer than the Atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .
Trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .
The actors are fantastic .
Best indie of the year , so far .
By the standards of knucklehead swill , The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .
Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?
Fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
An intriguing and entertaining introduction to Johnson .
Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
With jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
It further declares its director , Zhang Yang of Shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future .
There is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
The emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
Elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
Proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie .
Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
Sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .
Morvern rocks .
If you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .
A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man .
It 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .
Pompous and garbled .
As plain and pedestrian as catsup --
A charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind .
Others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
So stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly .
Hu and Liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .
Daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .
Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero .
Fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
Neil Burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
Scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence .
The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
This may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer 's coming-of-age .
Even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the American Insomnia is still pretty darned good .
An awful snooze .
Brilliantly explores the conflict between following one 's heart and following the demands of tradition .
It 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
A minor film with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera ...
This hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '
While not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there 's much truth and no small amount of poetry in Girls Ca n't Swim .
With an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .
Lathan and Diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .
The film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
` In this poor remake of such a well loved classic , Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .
Comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
Director Douglas McGrath takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
Hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
But if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
Demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
This ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
A conventional but heartwarming tale .
Davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .
Mixes likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun .
A beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from Disney .
A tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty .
Hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue .
It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
Horrible .
Offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .
But the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
As the movie traces Mr. Brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
Davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences .
For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
Bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable Italian guys .
To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
The best thing I can say about this film is that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next .
It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .
So putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
Novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach .
Uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
The most memorable moment was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .
The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .
It would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
Like the best of Godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
Watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives .
Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
As a singular character study , it 's perfect .
This is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground .
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
The animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication .
Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .
It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
The only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
Throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , Nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .
Not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it would be all that interesting .
s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .
Very well-written and very well-acted .
Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic .
Tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham .
Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .
Serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in America in 2002 .
Funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
I love the robust middle of this picture .
An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone does have a center , though a morbid one .
There ought to be a directing license , so that Ed Burns can have his revoked .
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
The movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .
The movie is well crafted , and well executed .
The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
A movie I loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
Hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
Tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House but instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel .
I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring .
Try as I may , I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you ! '
Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title .
This sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .
It 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
The movie is n't just hilarious : It 's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb .
Too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes .
Nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .
One of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year .
Whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of Steve Irwin are priceless entertainment .
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .
It 's Pauly Shore awful .
At times , it actually hurts to watch .
But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
It has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion .
What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .
Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
My Wife Is an Actress is an utterly charming French comedy that feels so American in sensibility and style it 's virtually its own Hollywood remake .
Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful , but gripping performances by Lane and Gere are what will keep them awake .
The unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .
Fantastic !
If you go , pack your knitting needles .
To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !
Intriguing and stylish .
Gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
This clever caper movie has twists worthy of David Mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
The leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
Ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
The best film about baseball to hit theaters since Field of Dreams .
The director , Steven Shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .
A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .
Whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
A trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience .
Monte Cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
There is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
A film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .
The story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
Workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies .
There 's nothing to gain from watching They .
Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable .
Ice Cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance ...
I Spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations .
Better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
At a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it 's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history .
Fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
Almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears . '
It 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
A surprisingly funny movie .
The Irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted .
A recipe for cinematic disaster ... part Quentin Tarantino , part Guy Ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof , it 's all bad .
There 's no energy .
A generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
`` Mostly Martha '' is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see .
A splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .
Between them , De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .
... a pretentious mess ...
But Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .
This is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , Scorsese 's best in more than a decade .
... what a banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be
Ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year 's best acting , Personal Velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .
The asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family .
A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
Beautifully crafted and brutally honest , Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .
This is a movie you can trust .
Jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
The Pianist is Polanski 's best film .
The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
Lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry .
This one 's weaker than most .
A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .
There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .
Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .
The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
K-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap Hollywood tension .
This ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
Others may find it migraine-inducing , despite Moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding .
Attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
Romanek keeps the film constantly taut ... reflecting the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score .
He does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
While centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .
It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
Brilliant ! '
An excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind .
The story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture .
On that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
It will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
classic cinema served up with heart and humor
Feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .
It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
Fans of Behan 's work and of Irish movies in general will be rewarded by Borstal Boy .
If you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you .
The soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
The immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D .
The movie is ingenious fun .
The film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .
It 's just rather leaden and dull .
The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .
Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
Adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
Amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .
A brutal and funny work .
This piece of Channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast .
Fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .
Hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
Most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
The old-world - meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco Bollywood that , by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater .
It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''
Allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
In exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if I 'd been sitting naked on an igloo , Formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .
`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way .
Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
The effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .
May cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
Nine Queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .
You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .
Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
For dance completists only .
Stealing Harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
Sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
Ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it 's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .
Cusack 's just brilliant in this .
Viveka Seldahl and Sven Wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago .
While the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what 's supposed to be a comedy .
Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
A film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I saw the film .
Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
An escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
As the movie dragged on , I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
Nothing about this movie works .
This beautifully animated epic is never dull .
The editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden .
Birthday Girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
It 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary .
Stay away .
Another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
An empty , purposeless exercise .
As warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
Real Women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
This movie is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .
A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
Almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .
If `` Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
An irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
I complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but The Bourne Identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .
Even if you 're an Elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .
How did it ever get made ?
It 's a movie -- and an album -- you wo n't want to miss .
The smug , oily demeanor that Donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named Pipe Dream is just repulsive .
One of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
It 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .
Morvern Callar confirms Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
A gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and CQ shimmers with it .
It 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
A riveting story well told .
Knows how to make our imagination wonder .
One of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .
He has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
Far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
Daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .
This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .
Weaver and LaPaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
A loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series .
With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams writer\/director\/producer Robert Rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
Insanely hilarious !
Still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .
The film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
A powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .
Captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
What 's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class .
I approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
Most haunting about `` Fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .
The film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in Chinese history : war , revolution , Communism , etc. .
Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
Truly terrible .
Third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !
Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .
Mr. Deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .
A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy .
A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
Not since Freddy Got Fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .
Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
Matthew McConaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy .
It 's a compelling and horrifying story , and The Laramie Project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America .
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
Works because Reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
A gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .
A beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .
You 'll probably love it .
Schmaltzy and unfunny , Adam Sandler 's cartoon about Hanukkah is numbingly bad , Little Nicky bad , 10 Worst List bad .
Marisa Tomei is good , but Just A Kiss is just a mess .
Here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
An inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of Vietnamese refugees living in U.S. relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .
Like being trapped at a perpetual frat party ... How can something so gross be so boring ?
Sade achieves the near-impossible : It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard .
Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .
It 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
By that measure , it is a failure .
A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .
A summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .
Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
Dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but Costner , flailing away .
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
Engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship .
A miraculous movie , I 'm Going Home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
A terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .
Beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
Mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh .
The cartoon that is n't really good enough to be on afternoon TV is now a movie that is n't really good enough to be in theaters .
Even if the Naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
Robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that Clancy creates .
His characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .
Lame , haphazard teen comedy .
Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't .
This is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : God is love .
We never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .
As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
Not since Ghostbusters has a film used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
The search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .
A captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...
The story ... is moldy and obvious .
This movie is to be cherished .
... a pretentious mess ...
Both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
But the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
A terrifically entertaining specimen of Spielbergian sci-fi .
The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .
Aside from being the funniest movie of the year , Simone , Andrew Niccol 's brilliant anti-Hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .
... if you 're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .
It cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
Abysmally pathetic
Apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
The film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
Ridiculous .
Martin and Barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by Sven Wollter and Viveka Seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid .
Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .
The result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
A knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite Son of the Bride .
The movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
... one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers I 've seen in quite a long time .
It will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .
Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
Cute , funny , heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone .
Much monkeyfun for all .
An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
If you dig on David Mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and enjoy !
There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
As a belated nod to some neglected all-stars , Standing in the Shadows of Motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining .
An amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction .
It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
A terrific B movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
A masterpiece four years in the making .
A devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
One of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
Pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
The only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .
While it 's nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy , I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
What 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .
It inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows . '
Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
The 3-D vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
Leave these Flowers unpicked -- they 're dead on the vine .
Exciting documentary .
The leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
You have to see it .
Suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .
If you liked such movies as Notting Hill , Four Weddings And A Funeral , Bridget Jones ' Diary or High Fidelity , then you wo n't want to miss About A Boy .
Even the unwatchable Soapdish is more original .
The AAA of action , XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement .
Partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
It is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish .
Uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .
The film has a terrific look and Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
The unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right .
Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
It 's slow -- very , very slow .
When it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
Muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
Beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .
A moving story of determination and the human spirit .
An impressive hybrid .
It 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .
This thing is just garbage .
Please , someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
It is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .
Leave it to Rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .
An artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .
` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '
It 's a terrific American sports movie and Dennis Quaid is its athletic heart .
Desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats .
Audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school .
It 's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school .
The film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .
This may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen .
Humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
The smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .
Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .
The most horrific movie experience I 've had since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . ''
An important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .
A delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .
Excellent acting and direction .
Do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list - Eye See You is pure junk .
Watching Haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .
This comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
It 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
It has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
Her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ... Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
Smith 's point is simple and obvious -- people 's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers .
Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year - she should get all five .
Majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
Vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe Ghost Ship .
A worthy entry into a very difficult genre .
A good music documentary , probably one of the best since The Last Waltz .
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
The characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
... a true delight .
would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year .
Both lead performances are Oscar-size .
Painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
Cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
Clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
Even by dumb action-movie standards , Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever is a dumb action movie .
A bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass .
Scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario .
Why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ?
It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away .
This road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you 'll be glad you went along for the ride .
The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
At least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .
With the film 's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .
It 's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .
One of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
This warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics .
The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .
... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of Mamet .
A slick , engrossing melodrama .
Tells a fascinating , compelling story .
Two hours of junk .
That , in itself , is extraordinary .
If there 's one thing this world needs less of , it 's movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam .
An engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .
Yeah , these flicks are just that damn good .
Renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
On this tricky topic , Tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .
Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai .
A fifty car pileup of cliches .
Well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
Secret Ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
It is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
A free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .
Foster and Whitaker are especially fine .
Awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another ` spectacular spectacle . '
I found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .
The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .
The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .
The ending is a cop-out .
A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .
There 's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
Yes , dull .
Terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .
You 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
`` Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
A half-assed film .
It 's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .
This one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .
A work of astonishing delicacy and force .
`` Home Movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
This picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
It 's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other Best Picture contenders should be measured .
A winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .
This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
One of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you 're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you did n't know was being taken .
The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
Visually captivating .
... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
A man leaving the screening said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan .
ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
A work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .
A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
Unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
It sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
There 's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever .
You do n't have to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance .
He has a great cast and a great idea .
The movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
... an inviting piece of film .
The best movie of its kind since ` Brazil . '
It 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
A beautifully observed character piece .
Do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work ?
Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
is one of this year 's very best pictures .
An ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
Exhilarating , funny and fun .
I can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial .
Sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
The movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
The film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
Ms. Phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
An exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , Minority Report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order
It is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some .
An almost unbearably morbid love story .
Featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great Daniel Auteuil , `` Sade '' covers the same period as Kaufmann 's `` Quills '' with more unsettlingly realistic results .
I watched the brainless insanity of No Such Thing with mounting disbelief .
Jagger , Stoppard and director Michael Apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
In the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
A fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with Kissinger .
A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
Both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
Best of all is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
Hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .
If Melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna .
The Powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question .
What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
Writer-director David Jacobson and his star , Jeremy Renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
I ca n't recommend it .
No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .
It all feels like a Monty Python sketch gone horribly wrong .
The second chapter of the Harry Potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .
Writer-director 's Mehta 's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres .
Serious and thoughtful .
Energetic and boldly provocative .
The entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
Noyce has worked wonders with the material .
A hip ride into hyper-time , Clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
Viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .
A moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , Solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .
A film in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful Do The Right Thing .
Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .
Diggs and Lathan are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
Raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
One regards Reign of Fire with awe .
Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .
The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
A lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love .
The tenderness of the piece is still intact .
Make like the title and dodge this one .
There is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
Moore 's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a David and Goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out .
One of the best movies of the year .
A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
A well-executed spy-thriller .
But as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
The Trials of Henry Kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .
Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short .
You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
This is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
As steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
An exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
Whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .
A well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
With few respites , Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
The picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
The satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
It 's as close as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works .
In terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
Like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
Tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
A poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold .
It 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style .
It 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
Narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
It is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? ''
The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .
It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
A charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest Dogme film and among the most enjoyable .
Soul is what 's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself .
A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
A deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
An animation landmark as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .
This ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
Duvall is strong as always .
If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
This is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
The film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .
It 's a masterpiece .
As the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing .
Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
Like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
This little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
The big-screen Scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
Like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
It 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
The acting alone is worth the price of admission .
This idea has lost its originality ... and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture .
This is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
Salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon .
There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .
The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
The genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
Thoroughly awful .
It tends to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
Brisk hack job .
One of the year 's best films , featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .
An emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm .
Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
At times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it 's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .
Jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
Peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
Pacino is the best he 's been in years and Keener is marvelous .
Ranks among Willams ' best screen work .
No , I hate it .
The film 's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip .
Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
Too silly to be frightening , too stolid to be funny , it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , David Arquette .
Except it 's much , much better .
A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
This self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard , but he 's the most obvious one .
A very witty take on change , risk and romance , and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .
It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .
The large-frame IMAX camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
But what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
MacDowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
It is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
The movie is one of the best examples of artful Large Format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .
Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods .
A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
The Sweetest Thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
Twenty years later , E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .
It 's no lie -- Big Fat Liar is a real charmer .
Every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .
After sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
Moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
I 'd watch these two together again in a New York minute .
Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .
Made by jackasses for jackasses .
The cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
A sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .
Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
While the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon , Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
A boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater .
Nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and Showtime is crammed full of them .
I am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .
A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .
Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was ... Hence , Storytelling is far more appealing .
An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .
Enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .
The 3D images only enhance the film 's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen .
A spellbinding African film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .
There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes , plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
The story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
It is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
This is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
The film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .
Crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .
At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America is masterful .
If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...
Simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
The crap continues .
Well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
This flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .
... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
Having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , Khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .
The story 's so preposterous that I did n't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved .
A ragbag of cliches .
One of the funnier movies in town .
Tim Allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
A beautiful , entertaining two hours .
A graceful , moving tribute to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
Shankman ... and screenwriter Karen Janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story .
In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
Kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
We ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
Compellingly watchable .
Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
Having never been a huge fan of Dickens ' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure I had watching McGrath 's version .
Irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
It 's Splash without the jokes .
A compelling film .
Expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .
This film puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers .
Like Dickens with his passages , McGrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness , but Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .
And it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
One of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
No way I can believe this load of junk .
Scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
For the most part , director Anne-Sophie Birot 's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .
Ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City .
About as cutting-edge as Pet Rock : The Movie .
If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .
A film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .
Watching the film is like reading a Times Portrait of Grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it .
Ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie 's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
It leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors .
There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .
There is nothing redeeming about this movie .
That 's fun for kids of any age .
Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .
Exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran Bouquet and the chilling but quite human Berling .
Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit .
A shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
Very stupid and annoying .
Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .
Their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
Impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises .
Scotland , Pa. is a strangely drab romp .
Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin .
Light-years ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least artistically .
An atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding .
The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
It treats women like idiots .
It 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
`` Red Dragon '' is entertaining .
All these developments and challenges facing Santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility .
It 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .
The passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the Mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .
Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .
My oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
Eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work .
Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .
There is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production .
Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
For its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
A refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary American film .
It 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
In the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director Joe Carnahan .
The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
It is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .
Rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
A surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
A strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .
Good actress .
Spiderman ROCKS
One of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
A smart , compelling drama .
This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
The heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .
No sophomore slump for director Sam Mendes , who segues from Oscar winner to Oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand .
One-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
If anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
Lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose .
Audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
A highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . .
The waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
Despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
Parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
An extraordinary dramatic experience .
If no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it 's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .
As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
When cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy Giannini , Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .
But this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .
Director Lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
A masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .
The overall fabric is hypnotic , and Mr. Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
The film is all a little Lit Crit 101 , but it 's extremely well played and often very funny .
An earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives .
Charlotte Sometimes is a brilliant movie .
Witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .
A wildly funny prison caper .
This pathetic junk is barely an hour long .
As pedestrian as they come .
Hard , endearing , caring , warm .
It provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .
Awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over .
A horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
An extremely unpleasant film .
` This movie sucks . '
But while the highly predictable narrative falls short , Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
The plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience 's chain .
Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .
An enthralling , entertaining feature .
focuses on Joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with Spanish inquisitions about her `` madness '' so much that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century torture device .
The mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .
Like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
Sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film .
A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric ` Scream . '
The premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film 's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them .
A gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .
It is definitely worth seeing .
The drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .
Thoughtful , provocative and entertaining .
A chiller resolutely without chills .
The film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
This is Carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .
Maud and Roland 's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but LaBute pulls off a neater trick in Possession : He makes language sexy .
Every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
A heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .
Windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .
It 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
A gem of a movie .
An infuriating film .
Chamber of Secrets will find millions of eager fans .
New ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
A modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
But what spectacular sizzle it is !
A smart , witty follow-up .
The title 's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is .
You 're better off staying home and watching The X-Files .
Provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust .
In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema .
The film is exhilarating to watch because Sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor .
The story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .
Lovely and poignant .
The movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
Everything that has to do with Yvan and Charlotte , and everything that has to do with Yvan 's rambunctious , Jewish sister and her non-Jew husband , feels funny and true .
Sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
`` Frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
His work with actors is particularly impressive .
Ms. Hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate .
One of the finest , most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .
A poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .
Vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , Metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
It takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected , ' but Ghost Ship somehow manages to do exactly that .
... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
... an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
A truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
As a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
There are plot holes big enough for Shamu the killer whale to swim through .
It is amusing , and that 's all it needs to be .
A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
Think of it as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .
Anchored by Friel and Williams 's exceptional performances , the film 's power lies in its complexity .
It 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .
A dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
At once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
It has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...
The main characters are simply named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
That Jack Nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
Like The Full Monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
The characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
Really quite funny .
The notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .
So what is the point ?
but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ? '
You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars .
These people would n't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance .
It 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor .
Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
Like Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
This is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .
A fascinating and fun film .
None of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .
Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .
It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .
The way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
It would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7.00 .
Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
Nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
An example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
You can practically hear George Orwell turning over .
Nicole Kidman makes it a party worth attending .
I had to look away - this was god awful .
In scope , ambition and accomplishment , Children of the Century ... takes Kurys ' career to a whole new level .
The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .
For most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
A live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
Especially give credit to Affleck .
borrows a bit from the classics `` Wait Until Dark '' and `` Extremities '' ... But in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .
The slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .
Not counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
... has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
The film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
A smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
This bold and lyrical first feature from Raja Amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
Perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
Unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me .
Bullock 's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
Diane Lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .
Although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
It 's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
But in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing .
There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
Richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
Highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
This film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience .
Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum .
Afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics , All the Queen 's Men is finally just one long drag .
Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
Not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
Not only unfunny , but downright repellent .
Beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .
Unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
Terrible .
They were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
She 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer demands .
The movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in Hollywood 's hastier productions .
This movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
... In this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
Miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
If you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .
Frida 's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it 's among the most breathtakingly designed films I 've ever seen .
Is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .
Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
As A Rumor of Angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even Ms. Redgrave 's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .
A visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
Disney 's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .
All I can say is fuhgeddaboutit .
The Country Bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
It trusts the story it sets out to tell .
Like Mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for Lil Bow Wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .
Victor Rosa is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
An ungainly , comedy-deficient , B-movie rush job ...
The film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .
It 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller .
Enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil , have a whale of a good time .
Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .
This is pure , exciting moviemaking .
The principals in this cast are all fine , but Bishop and Stevenson are standouts .
Choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy .
Hopkins , squarely fills the screen .
The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
Raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen .
The nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
Strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
The modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
A brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
Began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course .
Pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived Dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical .
The film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
A simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .
The secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again .
It is also beautifully acted .
Lead provocatuers Testud and Parmentier give superlative performances
... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
This is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
A model of what films like this should be like .
Call me a wimp , but I cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .
An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .
A chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
Resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine .
Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful . ''
So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .
Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy .
A sentimental mess that never rings true .
A dreary movie .
It 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
